nine month earn rose 16 % $ 264.5 million
$ 1.07 share $ 228.1 million 99 cent share
sale rose 3 % $ 15.6 billion $ 15.2 billion
oper profit compani largest industri
segment prepar food fell slight quarter
came ahead nine month
conagra said armour swift-eckrich major
contributor earn growth quarter
hunt-wesson oper profit even last year
earn better expect beatric chees
third-quart earn well ahead last year
three busi acquir part august 1990
acquisit beatric co
conagra said earn poultri product busi
fell quarter main excess industri suppli
pressur margin made chicken product busi
unprofit result compani poultri product
segment rose modest nine month stronger
turkey product result offset earn chicken
product busi
compani consum frozen food busi experienc
major earn drop quarter nine month
compani cite fierc competit industri
environ well support new product
