A Guest at Tokyo's Rest House
   Ponders 19th Nervous Breakdown
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Rest House (some guests might prefer to call it the
A-Rest House) is the government's inn of choice for
problematic entrants. "This is a private-sector business, but
we help the Justice Ministry" house visitors, said a manager
at the hotel, who insisted on anonymity.
   Top suites cost 20,000 yen ($157), but Mr. Jagger settled
in a 14,500-yen twin room -- call it sympathy for the double.
   Little else about the trip smacked of the normal.
According to local news reports, the lead singer of the
Rolling Stones appealed as high as the Minister of Justice
for permission to enter Japan. Immigration authorities,
citing Mr. Jagger's own right to privacy, wouldn't detail the
visa problems that led to his detainment.
   Mr. Jagger was in Japan to promote his latest movie.
Speculation on his detainment was that it was related to his
1969 marijuana-possession arrest in England and subsequent
conviction, which also tripped him up when he tried to enter
Japan in 1973.
   But he was admitted to Japan for concert performances in
1988 and 1990, on special arrangement with the Justice
Ministry.
   It isn't clear why the authorities prefer Rest House among
the half-dozen hotels at Narita, but discretion doubtless
plays a role. The hotel official referred to Mr. Jagger as "a
representative of Toho-Towa" Corp., the company that is
releasing Mr. Jagger's movie in Japan.
   Once his visa problems were straightened out, the
48-year-old rocker was off to Tokyo's Okura Hotel, where he's
booked in the Imperial Suite (500,000 yen a night) and faces
several days of grueling fan interviews.
   Publicity surrounding Mr. Jagger's interlude will
doubtless help his new film, "Freejack," a futuristic
body-snatcher picture. He plays a bounty hunter in the movie.