First Interstate Posts Loss for Quarter,
   Two Other Banks Show Healthy Results
   ----
   By Ralph T. King Jr.
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
First Interstate
                                                                                                       

   First Interstate, long rumored a candidate for merger,
took the unusual step of indirectly projecting results for
the next two years.
   It indicated that 1992 net income could be as high as $24
million, or 37 cents a share, and as much as $45 million, or
70 cents a share, in 1993. That translates into a slight
0.50% return on assets this year but a robust 0.95% return in
1993. Such results, or the prospect of them, could prove a
powerful lure to suitors. In composite trading on the New
York Stock Exchange yesterday, First Interstate shares jumped
$2 to $32.50.
   "The fumbling has got to stop during this quarter if they
want to remain independent," said Thomas Hanley, an analyst
with First Boston Corp. "If they can't, maybe we will see a
bear hug" from Wells Fargo  Co. in San Francisco, Norwest
Corp. in Minneapolis, or some other bank, he said.
   The Los Angeles bank said nonperforming assets dropped 20%
to $1.59 billion from the third quarter, and it expects to
maintain that level during 1992. It previously announced
plans to cut annual operating expenses by 12%, or $280
million. First Interstate noted that 1992 net interest income
will fall by 10%, indicating very weak loan demand and
still-costly loan problems.
                                                                                                       

   Banc One
                                                                                                       

   Banc One, based in Columbus, Ohio, reported record
quarterly profit. The bank said it would reward shareholders
with a special 10% dividend to be paid in stock. In composite
trading on the Big Board yesterday, Banc One shares rose
$1.50 to $49.625.
   The results were in line with analysts' expectations, and
reflect wider lending margins and strong retail loan growth.
Loan demand has increased in Texas, among other places. Banc
One has doubled its branch network and customer base in Texas
since acquiring 20 failed MCorp banks in 1989.
   Banc One's credit quality also improved for the quarter,
as problem assets totaled $588 million, down from $612
million at the end of the third quarter. For the year, Banc
One had a 1.56% return on average assets of $46.3 billion,
one of the highest in the industry.
   The bank said the 10% stock dividend is payable March 2 to
holders of record Feb. 14. Its regular quarterly 29-cent
dividend, payable March 31 to holders of record March 13,
will be paid on the new shares.
                                                                                                       

   CoreStates Financial
                                                                                                       

   The results of CoreStates Financial, Philadelphia, were
slightly better than Wall Street's forecasts. However,
investors apparently were disappointed, as the bank's stock
dropped $1.25 to $47.375 in over-the-counter trading.
   Nonperforming assets fell by $43 million from the third
quarter to $447 million, or roughly 2.96% of total assets, a
ratio well below its peers. The bank set aside a $45 million
loan-loss provision, unchanged from the third quarter and
down from $220 million in the year-earlier quarter.
   Fee-based revenue at the bank, which has assets of $21
billion, rose 12% from the year-earlier quarter on strengths
in credit-card processing, trust income and other nonlending
services. The bank took a number of charges in the fourth
quarter to write down certain real estate assets and
investments in bank equities. The charges were largely offset
by an $87 million pretax gain on the sale of $1 billion in
credit-card balances.
   ---
                           1991              1990
                        in     per       in      per    %
                     millions  share   millions  share  chg.
                                                                                                       

                  FOURTH QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 First Interstate .  -$59.9    -$1.14   $91.0    $1.32   ..
 Banc One .........   144.3      0.85   108.5     0.68   33
 CoreStates .......    60.7      1.11   -72.7    -1.33   ..
                                                                                                       

                          YEAR
                                                                                                       

 First Interstate .  -$288.1   -$5.24  $468.7a   $7.30a  ..
 Banc One .........    529.5     3.20   423.4     2.76   25
 CoreStates .......    228.1     4.19   114.0     2.06  100
                                                                                                       

   a-Includes the cumulative effect of an accounting change
of $30.1 million, or 51 cents per share.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   FIRST INTERSTATE BANCORP indicated it could earn as much
as $240 million, or $3.70 a share, in 1992 and as much as
$450 million, or $7 a share, in 1993. Thursday's edition
misstated the figures.
   (WSJ Jan. 27, 1992)