Brown Group Unit
   Will Close 3 Plants
   Dismiss Over 1,150
The company said it will take a fourth-quarter charge of
$1.3 million, or eight cents a share, to cover costs
associated with the moves. In the 1990 period, Brown had
profit of $7.8 million, or 46 cents a share.
   Late last year Brown, similarly citing the profit squeeze
that lower-cost imports present, shuttered three Missouri
factories and dismissed about 1,300 workers. Many of the
company's production facilities are sited in small "shoe
towns," where Brown is frequently the biggest private
employer.
   The latest shutdowns involve manufacturing facilities in
the Missouri towns of Owensville and Dixon, and a components
plant in Union.
   While "difficult and very painful steps," the planned
closures represent part of an "ongoing program to realign
operations in order to remain competitive in a women's
footwear marketplace increasingly dominated by imported
product," Brown said.
   Brown, which is itself increasingly having its products
manufactured overseas, said it will remain the nation's
leading domestic manufacturer of women's footwear.
   After the cutbacks, the Brown Shoe unit will have about
7,800 workers world-wide and 13 U.S. plants, said a
spokeswoman; parent Brown Group, which also has interests in
footwear and specialty retailing, currently has a total work
force of about 24,000.