Bass Chairman Says
   Firm `Recaptured'
   Beer Sales Declines
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Prosser said Bass is continuing to reduce its overhead
costs. "This will involve the requirement for further
exceptional charges against profits," he said.
   Bass took a #55 million ($99.3 million) charge against
pretax profit in fiscal 1991, reflecting the expected cost of
closing two breweries as well as employee buy-outs and other
costs in Bass's chain of pubs. The charge helped to depress
Bass's pretax profit by 5% to #508 million.
   A strong performance in December led to a 10% rise in beer
sales outside Bass's pub chain in the October-December
quarter from the July-September quarter, Mr. Prosser said.
   While beer sales by volume in the first quarter were 0.5%
below the year before, the chairman said, the final four
weeks brought an increase of nearly 5% from a year earlier.
   Beer sales through Bass's pub chain in the first quarter
were 9% below the year before, despite an "encouraging"
Christmas, he said.
   Mr. Prosser said Bass has sold 389 pubs since Oct. 1,
bringing in #69 million. He said the sales brought its total
pub disposals since July 1989 to 1,899 of the target of 2,740
pubs. The U.K.'s Monopolies and Mergers Commission has
ordered vertically integrated brewers such as Bass to reduce
their pub holdings.
   Leisure division profit improved in the first quarter from
the depressed level of the year before, Mr. Prosser said,
even excluding contributions from the company's new bingo
chain.