Henley Group Plans
   To Sell Rest of Stake
   In Fisher Scientific
Until the offering, Fisher had been a wholly owned
subsidiary of Henley. Once the secondary offering of 6.5
million shares is completed, Henley will hold no more shares
of Fisher, a maker of scientific instruments and equipment.
   Henley also disclosed additional details of its proposed
recapitalization plan which calls for an eventual merger of
Henley Group's remaining assets, after distributions, with
Henley Properties Inc. The plan was proposed yesterday to the
board of Henley Properties. The companies would then have to
file its proposal with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and receive shareholder approval.
   The plan calls for Henley Group holders to receive $250
million in cash, 100% of a new public company consisting
primarily of Henley's wholly-owned Pneumo Abex unit, and
securities of Henley Properties.
   Henley Group would cease to exist as a public company
after being folded into Henley Properties, and the merged
corporation would be named Bolsa Chica Co., after the
proposed 1,700-acre coastal residential community of Bolsa
Chica near Huntington Beach, Calif.
   The new public company owning Pneumo Abex would be named
Abex Inc., and would include net assets of about $150 million
in addition to the Pneumo Abex's aerospace and industrial
businesses. Pneumo Abex is currently Henley Group's chief
operating asset.