What's News --
   Business and Finance
GOP conservatives are pressing Bush to propose a more
generous reduction in capital-gains taxes and are playing
down middle-class tax cuts. But an aide expects Bush to
repeat his proposal to cut the maximum tax on three-year
investments to 19.6%.
   ---
   Michael Milken and others sued by thrift regulators and
investors for alleged securities fraud proposed to settle the
litigation for $1.4 billion. Milken's share of the proposed
payment is understood to be $1 billion.
   ---
   Saudia Arabia trimmed its oil output 1.1% to prop up
falling prices, but they fell yesterday anyway. The move
preceded an OPEC meeting.
   ---
   Citicorp, Security Pacific and Wells Fargo reported large
fourth-period losses. Shawmut and Norwest reversed
year-earlier losses. But Shawmut's stock sank $1.375 to
$9.875.
                                                                                                       

   Chemical Banking sold more than $1.36 billion in stock in
the biggest share offering ever by a bank.
   ---
   Japan's trade surplus jumped 84% in December from a year
earlier, hit ting a record. The surplus for all of 1991 was
up 50% to a four-year high. The continued surge in the
surplus is likely to increase political controversy over
Japanese trade practices.
                                                                                                       

   Japanese officials said they aren't backing away from a
pledge to boost imports of U.S. cars and auto parts.
   ---
   Stocks slumped on profit-taking after a monthlong rally.
The Dow Jones industrials fell 30.64 to 3223.39.
Over-the-counter stocks sank 2.3%. Bonds gained. The dollar
was mixed.
   ---
   United Technologies posted a $1.22 billion fourth-quarter
loss, reflecting the costs of a restructuring that will cut
13,900 jobs. Moody's downgraded the manufacturer's long-term
debt.
   ---
   Texaco's fourth-period profit fell 16%, less than analysts
expected, from a strong year-earlier period. The company
cited falling oil prices.
   ---
   The IRS indicated it abandoned a brief challenge to the
tax status of a fast-growing, lucrative security.
   ---
   Sun Microsystems and Cray Research plan to announce today
a technology-sharing and marketing pact.
                                                                                                       

   Compaq Computer is canceling its plans to develop high-end
workstation computers with Silicon Graphics.
   ---
   Short interest declined 7% on the Big Board and 3% on the
American Stock Exchange in the latest period.
   ---
   New York's 47th Street Photo filed for Chapter 11 amid
weakness among consumer electronics retailers.
   ---
   The Supreme Court agreed to de cide whether a state may
tax dividends a company collects from its foreign units while
exempting dividends from subsidiaries in the U.S.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks fell Tuesday for the fourth session in a row.
The Nikkei index dropped 55.52 points to 20858.30. Share
prices edged up in Frankfurt, while equities were mixed in
London.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 218,650,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3223.39, off 30.64; transportation 1391.07, off 20.36;
utilities 212.19, off 0.07.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4285.63, up 22.91.
   Commodities: Oil $18.47 a barrel, off 42 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.51, off 0.13; spot index 114.66, off 0.11.
   Dollar: 123.60 yen, up 0.21; 1.5860 marks, off 0.0042.