Oshkosh Will Drop
   Children's Wear Line;
   4th-Period Charge Set
Oshkosh began making the Absorba line in April 1990 when
it acquired Poron's U.S. Absorba Inc. unit. The acquisition
was part of Oshkosh's joint venture agreement with Poron, in
which Oshkosh got majority ownership of the companies'
European operation. A spokeswoman said Oshkosh's decision to
drop Absorba doesn't affect the European venture.
   Poron will continue to sell the Absorba line of children's
knitwear in Europe, where it has had a strong presence.
   The weak economy in the U.S. has been particularly
"devastating" to Absorba's key customers in the U.S., which
include upscale department and specialty children's stores,
Oshkosh said. As a result, "we have not been able to realize
the levels of performance necessary to continue" the Absorba
line, the company said.
   Oshkosh wouldn't disclose how much Absorba contributed to
its sales and earnings. It will discontinue the line after
making its fall shipments, which go out by August.
   Absorba operates two children's apparel plants in North
Carolina that make knitwear for sale in the U.S. About 120
employees will lose their jobs when the company shuts down
the Henderson, N.C., Absorba plant over a six-month period.
The Forest City, N.C., plant will stop making the Absorba
line but will continue to make Oshkosh B'Gosh-brand products,
the company said.
   Poron, meanwhile, is "discussing licensing arrangements"
for Absorba with other U.S. companies, Oshkosh said.