GM Seems to Be
   Preparing Sale
   Of Allison Unit
   ----
   By Joseph B. White
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A spokeswoman for Allison declined to comment on the
situation, but said an announcement about the operation's
future could come "very soon."
   GM Chairman Robert C. Stempel said last month that the No.
1 auto maker will speed up moves to sell non-automotive
businesses as part of a broader campaign to reverse heavy
losses in North American vehicle operations. GM said it plans
to shed 74,000 jobs and 21 more North American factories by
1995.
   But GM also needs to shore up its balance sheet in the
short term. The company is expected to lose as much as $3
billion on operations for all of 1991, not including a
possible restructuring charge. GM has sold some $2.4 billion
in securities since last June. But Mr. Stempel said last
month the auto maker will cut new product spending by $1.1
billion in the next two years to conserve cash.
   With revenue estimated at about $800 million annually, the
Allison Transmission division represents less than 1% of GM's
total business. But selling it could raise enough to finance
a large chunk of a new car program.
   Among those taking an interest in Allison Transmission's
future is Detroit Diesel Corp., the heavy diesel engine
company GM sold in 1988 to a joint venture controlled by
entrepreneur Roger S. Penske. Detroit Diesel's distributors
also sell Allison transmissions. "We are interested in what
is taking place," a spokesman for Mr. Penske said yesterday.
Mr. Penske hasn't received any official information from GM
about Allison's future, he added.