OTC Focus:
   Index Finishes at Third Consecutive High
   Despite Intensified Selling in Afternoon
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The market posted fractional gains for the balance of the
session, leaving the composite with a slim 0.70-point, or
0.11%, advance to 637.67 at the close. Advancing issues
outpaced decliners, 1,226 to 936.
   The Nasdaq 100 Index, which tracks the performance of
large nonfinancial stocks, lost 3.58, or 0.51%, to 698.14.
Apple Computer dropped 2 to 64 1/8, Microsoft fell 1 to 126
1/4, Amgen eased 1 1/8 to 69 1/2, and Lin Broadcasting shed
1/2 to 73 3/4.
   Big Board issues finished mixed. The New York Stock
Exchange Composite Index edged up 0.09, or 0.04%; the Dow
Jones Industrial Average fell 2.01, or 0.06%.
   Total OTC volume fell to 244.2 million shares from 270.1
million Wednesday.
   "It seems we are in the same tug of war that we have been
in for a month: growth vs. other" stock groups, said M. David
Testa, portfolio manager of T. Rowe Price's Growth Stock
Fund. Many investors have been increasing their holdings in
cyclical stocks, anticipating improvement in the economy this
year.
   "For the intermediate term, {growth stocks} are likely to
stay on the defensive," the portfolio manager said. But Mr.
Testa, whose fund holds Nasdaq stocks such as Apple Computer
and Microsoft, predicted that the growth segment will have
healthy gains by year's end. He expects a less-than-robust
economic recovery to entice investors back into the group.
   Meanwhile, Mr. Testa said, some issues that are usually
thought of as growth stocks also are appealing based on an
improving economy. For example, he said, "It wouldn't hurt
Intel if we had a more robust recovery. It has a reasonable
price, and it has a cyclical kick."
   George Novello, manager of Shearson Lehman Advisors' $90
million Special Equity Portfolio, said he expects both OTC
stocks and exchange-listed issues to trade in a narrow price
range for the near term.
   "I believe 1992 will be a year where stock-picking will
become more important than it was in 1990 or 1991," Mr.
Novello said. "Last year, if you bought {any} technology
stock you did okay. {That's} not so this year; you have to be
selective."
   Sunward Technologies, a computer disk drive concern, rose
13/32 to 1 11/16 on heavy volume of 2.3 million shares. Its
chairman, Greg Reyes, said activity in the stock has
increased since Conner Peripherals last week purchased a 15%
stake in the company. "I think all of a sudden we have been
in the spotlight because of that," Mr. Reyes said.
   A spokeswoman for Conner said the company hasn't purchased
any additional Sunward shares on the open market since last
week's investment. Conner, which also makes disk drives, is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
   Mr. Reyes also cited recent active trading in the disk
drive group as a whole.
   Quantum and Seagate Technology were among the most active
OTC stocks both yesterday and Wednesday. Quantum gained 1/8
to 16 3/8 on 3.1 million shares yesterday, while Seagate
eased 3/8 to 13 5/8 on 1.7 million shares. Both stocks
advanced Wednesday.
   Elsewhere, Tanknology Environmental dropped 5/8 to 8 1/2
after the company reported fourth-quarter net income of nine
cents a share, unchanged from the year-earlier level and
below the 12-cent-a-share estimate of analysts surveyed by
First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks.
Latest-quarter net included a charge of three cents a share.
   FirstFed Michigan jumped 1 1/2 to 17 1/2 after the savings
and loan company said it will resume paying its quarterly
dividend, which has been suspended since June. FirstFed will
make a 15-cent payout next month to shares of record Feb. 28.
   Arkansas Freightways advanced 2 1/2 to 33 after the
company declared a 2-for-1 stock split.
   TBC gained 3/4 to 15 3/4. It reported fourth-quarter net
of 23 cents a share, up from 20 cents a share a year earlier,
and said it expects fiscal 1992 earnings to exceed the 88
cents a share it earned in 1991. The Memphis, Tenn., company
makes replacement automobile parts.
   Spec's Music jumped 2 to 7 1/2. Ladenburg, Thalmann  Co.
analyst Keith E. Benjamin repeated a "buy" recommendation on
the stock in a recently issued client newsletter, Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said. The analyst said Spec's
recently retired all its long-term debt and has enough cash
flow to finance its growth plans.
   American Ecology gained 2 3/4 to 24 1/2. The company
reported fourth-quarter net of 82 cents a share, up from 57
cents a share a year earlier. Revenue totaled $18.7 million,
up from $14.5 million.
   Vestar lost 1/2 to 20 1/2. An issue of 2.5 million
additional shares of its common was made at $20 a share.
   Durr-Fillauer declined 1 1/2 to 22 after the company
posted fourth-quarter earnings of 35 cents a share, down from
39 cents a share a year earlier. Revenue jumped to $255.2
million from $213.1 million.
   Nova Pharmaceutical advanced 1 1/4 to 10 after Shearson
Lehman Brothers analyst Juan Nobel initiated coverage of the
stock, Professional Investor Report said.
   Shares of several companies jumped after they reported
January retail sales figures. Dollar General rose 1 to 26 1/8
after it posted a 32% sales increase. Pic 'n' Save climbed 1
1/2 to 22 on a 16% sales gain.
   Gantos added 1/2 to 10 7/8; its sales advanced 19%.
   ---
   BIOTECHNOLOGY BECKONS: Morgan Stanley  Co. biotechnology
and pharmaceutical analyst Michael Sorrell resigned Wednesday
to run his own biotechnology and health care fund.
   A joint venture with Essex Investment Management of
Boston, the fund will invest in both closely held and public
companies and will be run by Dr. Sorrell and Michael
Schmertzler, a former Morgan Stanley managing director in
corporate finance.
   Dr. Sorrell declined to comment on rumors that the group
will run a "hedge fund" amid the proliferation of high-flying
biotechnology and health care shares. Hedge funds invest both
in stocks they expect to rise and, through short-selling, in
stocks they expect to fall. Short-sellers borrow stock for
sale in hope of profiting by replacing it later at a lower
price. His partner, Joseph C. McNay of Essex, was slightly
less coy: "It's a very fertile market that will need to be
sorted out and will offer tremendous opportunities both
positively and negatively." Sources said the group plans to
raise $200 million, but both men were silent about the
figure.
   ---
   Anne Newman contributed to this article.