Who's News:
   Top Executive Quits
   At Super Club Unit
   Of Philips Electronics
A Philips spokesman said Mr. van Weezendonk has completed
his mission "to make Super Club manageable again."
   Mr. van Weezendonk said there is no connection between his
departure and a preliminary investigation by the Antwerp,
Belgium, public prosecutor into Super Club's affairs. That
investigation concerns questions raised by Belgian banking
authorities over trading in Super Club shares and over the
accuracy of a prospectus issued early last year. Mr. van
Weezendonk said he has answered questions from the prosecutor
but that he is "absolutely not" a target of the
investigation.
   Super Club didn't name a new chief executive. It said
those duties will be handled by the other three members of
the company's executive board: Darrell Baldwin, who heads
U.S. operations; Pieter Fitters, marketing director, and Marc
Sevenans, finance director. Mr. van Weezendonk said a new
chief executive might be named within a few months.
   Super Club, which owns about 470 videorental shops in the
U.S. and 90 in Belgium, expects to report a loss for the year
ending March 31, Mr. van Weezendonk said. But he said it
would be considerably smaller than the loss of 14.86 billion
Belgian francs ($454 million) in the 14 months ended last
March 31. That loss largely reflected writeoffs and
provisions.
   Philips acquired a 51% stake in Super Club as part of a
rescue last March.