Who's News:
   Hyundai's Founder,
   Chung, Steps Down,
   Plans Political Party
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
Even before the announcement, the 76-year-old businessman
was officially retired but had remained in charge of the
group. His brother, 63-year-old Chung Se Yung, is group
chairman but had played the role of chief operating officer.
Now the younger Mr. Chung will run the group.
   On Saturday, the elder Mr. Chung said he will create a
party and promised to minimize campaign spending and to make
a full disclosure of such spending. An aide to Mr. Chung said
the party will be formed within a month to put forward
candidates for parliamentary elections that are likely to be
held in March. The immediate goal is to secure at least 20
seats in the 299-member National Assembly, the aide said.
   There has been widespread speculation that Mr. Chung may
seek the Seoul mayoralty in mid-1992 or the Korean presidency
later in the year. Mr. Chung's aides said he will test his
popularity in the parliamentary election and then decide
whether to run for the presidency.
   An outspoken peasant's son who built an enormous business
empire, Mr. Chung has a following in Korea, particularly
among Koreans who are tired of the current political figures.
Mr. Chung, one of the richest men in the country, has
frequently criticized the economic policies of President Roh
Tae Woo's administration.
   Last November, the government ordered Hyundai Group, Mr.
Chung and his family to pay a record 136.1 billion won
($179.4 million) in back taxes and penalties in connection
with the transfer of groupcompany shares among family
members. Some political commentators asserted that the tax
investigation was politically motivated, but government
officials and officials of Hyundai itself denied that.