Bank's Actions
   Threaten Debacle,
   Watchdog Warns
   ----
   By Kenneth H. Bacon
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Franco Modigliani, a Nobel laureate from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, told the group that the sharp,
upward slope in the yield curve means that financial markets
believe that short-term rates will rise, which would squeeze
bank profits on fixed-rate, long-term loans.
   In a statement, the panel said "the collapse of the thrift
industry is due to the industry's longstanding exposure to
interest-rate risk" and banks could face a similar plight
unless they hedge against interest-rate risk.
   The group, which is comprised primarily of free-market
academics, castigated federal banking regulators for failing
to adopt more detailed interest-rate risk protections.
Regulators will be blamed if bank failures "impose additional
losses on the taxpayer," the group said. Agencies have been
trying to address the complex issue of interest-rate risk for
some time.
   The panel also criticized the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corp.'s recent decision to take over CrossLand Savings FSB,
New York. "Taxpayers are apt to lose when regulators gamble
that the government can efficiently nurse an insolvent
enterprise back to health," the group said in its statement.
Banking committees in the House and Senate are investigating
the $1.2 billion CrossLand takeover.