Sears Shareholder
   Monks Gives Up
   Bid for Board Seat
In Chicago, a Sears spokesman said only that Mr. Monks had
notified the company yesterday morning that he didn't intend
to pursue his earlier-announced candidacy. The spokesman had
no further comment.
   Mr. Monks, a former U.S. Labor Department pension
administrator and consultant to big pension funds, has the
ear of some of Sears' biggest institutional investors. Last
year, he won the backing of several pension funds, including
the California Public Employees Retirement System. In that
contest, he achieved a 12% shareholder vote.
   Sears has a staggered board and only three directors are
up for re-eelection this year. The company had said it would
add three or four new outside directors to its nine-member
board, a move that would have made it easier for Mr. Monks to
win, under the cumulative voting rules that Sears uses.
   But it hasn't named any additional candidates to date,
and, while its proxy is scheduled for release later this
month, the company is expected to nominate only three current
directors for election at the annual meeting.
   With only three directors to be elected in 1992, Mr. Monks
said in a release, his candidacy, which would require a 25%
shareholder vote, is "mathematically inachievable."
   Mr. Monks' campaign last year galvanized opposition to
Sears chairman Edward Brennan, and focused attention on the
company's failure to revive its core retail operation. Since
then, results have improved somewhat, but some investors and
employees at the company's Allstate Insurance unit are still
pushing for a breakup of the company.