International:
   Japan Is Investigating
   Alleged Collusion Plot
   By Ink Manufacturers
Citing industry sources, the newspaper said officials from
more than 10 ink makers decided at a meeting in a Tokyo hotel
in August 1990 to coordinate price increases for their
products. In the case of one type of printing ink, the report
said, the increases were to range from 70 yen to 120 yen (54
to 93 U.S. cents) a kilogram, depending on color. Japan's
industry last year produced 400,000 tons of printing ink, the
report said. A kilogram is 2.2 pounds.
   A spokesman for Dainippon Ink  Chemicals Inc., one of
Japan's biggest ink makers, confirmed that its offices were
searched by commission officials last March but said the
company hasn't been notified of the investigation's findings.
He declined to comment further.
   If the companies are found to have raised prices
illegally, they probably will have to pay penalties based on
sales since the price increases took effect.
   U.S. trade officials have been pressing for tougher
antitrust enforcement in Japan. Some complain that collusive
practices in their home market have given Japanese industries
an unfair advantage in international trade while blocking
access to Japan by foreign competitors.
   Separately, following up on earlier promises made to the
U.S., the commission recommended that the maximum criminal
penalty for illegal cartels be raised to several hundred
million yen from the current five million yen ($38,600).