California Utilities
   Discuss Selling Gas
   To Baja in Mexico
Revenue generated from any agreement with Mexico would be
used to help maintain competitive rates for U.S. customers,
the Southern California utilities said. Increased pipeline
capacity soon to be available will deliver more gas into the
state than the local market can absorb.
   The utilities said they have proposed two options to
Mexico's state-owned electric utility, Petroleos Mexicanos,
or Pemex. One would provide for limited pipeline use over a
relatively short period of time; the other is a long-term
service proposal. Both would require construction of a
two-mile pipeline extension of an existing line to the
Mexican border near Tijuana, and another 20-mile extension
south to a power plant in Rosarita.
   Pemex is adding new generation capacity to the Rosarita
plant in 1995, and as the plant expands it will convert to
natural gas, Mr. Felsinger said. He expects the Mexican
government to decide "within the next several months" among
various proposals for obtaining gas. Approvals for any
agreement also would be needed from the U.S. Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission and the California Public Utilities
Commission.
   Southern California Gas is a unit of Los Angeles-based
Pacific Enterprises. San Diego Gas is based in San Diego.