New Securities Issues
Merrill Lynch  Co. -- $225 million of senior notes due
Feb. 1, 2002, priced as 8% at 99.31 to yield 8.102%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 95 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard
 Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Great Western Financial Corp. -- $200 million of senior
notes, due Feb. 1, 2002, priced as 8.60% at 99.517 to yield
8.673%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 145
basis points above the comparable Treasury issue. Rated Baa-2
by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Citicorp -- $150 million of subordinated notes, due Feb.
1, 2002, priced as 9 1/2% at 99.617 to yield 9.56%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 235 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-3 by Moody's and
triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   First Interstate Bancorp -- $150 million of subordinated
notes, due Feb. 1, 2004, priced as 9 1/8% at 99.675 to yield
9.17%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 202
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-3
by Moody's and triple-B-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
                                                                                                       

                       MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Indiana Transportation Finance Authority -- $201.2 million
of airport facilities lease revenue bonds priced by a Lehman
Brothers group to yield from 4.80% in 1995 to 6.87% in 2011
and 2016. The issue has received a conditional single-A
rating from Moody's and a provisional single-A rating from
SP.
   Brazos, Texas, Higher Education Authority -- $101 million
of student loan revenue refunding bonds, Series 1992 A,
priced by a Texas Commerce Bank group. The bonds were priced
to yield from 5.20% for the serial bonds due March 1, 1994,
to 6.875% for term bonds due in 2004. All of the issue's
serial bonds have split maturities of March 1 and Sept. 1,
the underwriter said. Moody's has assigned the bonds a
single-A rating.
   Durham, N.C. -- Two-part, $56.6 million issue of various
series 1992 unlimited tax bonds, apparently won by a Wachovia
Bank of North Carolina group. There are $46.9 million
refunding bonds and $9.7 million public-improvement bonds.
Wachovia won the refunding bonds with a net interest cost of
5.68% and set the yields at 3% in 1993 to 6% in 2006. The
bank won the public-improvement bonds with a net interest
cost of 5.897% and set the yields at 4.30% in 1995 to 6% in
2006. The entire issue has been rated double-A-1 by Moody's
and triple-A by SP.
                                                                                                       

                     MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $700 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Salomon Brothers Inc. The offering, Series 1992-34, is backed
by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by Nikko Securities. The offering,
Series 1992-37, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Student Loan Marketing Association -- $500 million of
notes, due Aug. 7, 1995, priced to float weekly at a spread
of 35 basis points above the bond-equivalent yield on the
Treasury's three-month bill. The noncallable notes will pay
interest quarterly. The issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Varsity Spirit Corp. -- An initial public offering of 1.22
million common shares priced at $12 a share through
underwriters led by Stephens Inc.
   Henley International Inc. -- An issue of two million
common shares priced at $19 a share through underwriters led
by Kemper Securities Group Inc.
   Margaretten Financial Corp. -- An initial public offering
of 15 million common shares priced at $20 a share through
underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Protein Design Labs Inc. -- An initial public offering of
3.5 million common shares priced at $15 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co. The size of the
offering was increased from 2.5 million shares.
   Oncor Inc. -- An issue of three million common shares
priced at $10.50 a share through underwriters led by Smith
Barney Harris Upham  Co.
                                                                                                       

                       EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Nationwide Building Society (U.K.) -- #50 million of
floating-rate notes due June 1995 via Samuel Montagu  Co.
Interest set at 0.10 point above the three-month London
interbank sterling rate, issue price at 99.53. Fees not
disclosed.
   Toronto Dominion Australia Ltd. (Canadian parent) -- 75
million Australian dollars of 10% Eurobonds due March 25,
1997, at issue price 101.80 via Westpac Banking Corp.
Guarantor by Toronto Dominion Bank. Fees two points.
   Caisse Nationale de Credit Agricole (France) -- 75 million
Swiss francs of public bonds due Feb. 25, 1999, priced at 101
1/4 with a coupon that will be set at 12 3/4% minus sixmonth
Swiss franc Libor, via Swiss Bank Corp. Coupon will be
minimum 4% per year.
   General Mortgage Bank of the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) --
100 million Swiss francs of 7 3/8% public subordinated bonds
due March 12, 2002, priced at 101 via Credit Suisse. Fees 2
7/8.