Alcoa, Reynolds Metals Post Big Drops
   In Operating Profit for Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Dana Milbank
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"These results wouldn't be considered good by any stretch
of the imagination," said R. Wayne Atwell, Morgan Stanley's
metals analyst. "But people are saying if this is the worst
it's going to get, it's not so bad."
   Even so, Reynolds Chairman William O. Bourke said in a
statement that "the situation could get worse before it gets
better" because price relief won't likely come until later
this year.
   Alcoa had a loss of $191.4 million, or $2.26 a share,
after a previously announced charge of $217 million, or $2.55
a share, for environmental cleanup and restructuring. In the
1990 fourth quarter, the loss was $140.4 million, or $1.61 a
share, reflecting a $275 million charge for similar purposes.
Excluding the charges in both periods, Alcoa's earnings from
operations fell to $25.6 million, or 30 cents a share, from
$134.6 million, or $1.58 a share, a year earlier. Analysts'
expectations for operating earnings had been closer to 70
cents a share.
   Reynolds's net income of $23.7 million, or 40 cents a
share, was closer to analysts' expectations, which had been
about 60 cents a share. In the year-earlier quarter, the
Richmond, Va., company earned $15.1 million, or 25 cents a
share, after an environmental charge of $93.9 million, or
$1.59 a share. In the year-earlier quarter operating profit
was $109 million, or $1.84 a share.
   The company, aided by its packaging business, saw its
proportion of fabricated aluminum products climb to 70% from
68%, as total shipments remained about even. Revenue fell to
$1.45 billion from $1.60 billion. For the year, Reynolds
earned $154.1 million, or $2.60 a share, on revenue of $5.78
billion. In 1990, it earned $296.6 million, or $5.01 a share,
on sales of $6.08 billion.
   Once again, prices, which are near all-time lows, were the
major villain. Aluminum producers world-wide have kept
smelters running at near full capacity despite lower demand
in this recession, adding to the supply glut and undermining
prices.
   Alcoa felt lower prices in "virtually all products," as
its shipment of low-profit margin ingot increased to 45% of
shipments from 41%. Shipments actually rose 7% for Alcoa,
even though prices dropped sales by 10%, to $2.43 billion
from $2.71 billion. The Pittsburgh concern was also hurt by
foreign exchange adjustments and losses in Brazil, though its
Australian alumina operations contributed half of its
profits.
   For the year, Alcoa earned $62.7 million, or 71 cents a
share, down from $295.2 million, or $3.40 a share, as sales
slipped 7.7% to $9.88 billion from $10.71 billion. Results
were the lowest since 1986.