Year-End Review of Underwriting:
   Euromarket Issues Soar, But Profit Still Lags Behind
   ----
   By William Power and Shoba Purushothaman
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Counting all issues world-wide, Merrill Lynch & Co.
remained the No. 1 global underwriter, with a 13% market
share, followed by Goldman.
   But the Euromarket remained a tough place to do business.
Reflecting competitive pressures, the biggest securities
firms merely got stronger amid the Eurobond boom and many
smaller firms struggled to turn any profit at all. "There's
no doubt that some of the big firms really creamed it" in
Europe in 1991, says John Langton, chairman of the
International Securities Market Association. "But I'm not
sure if it was a profitable year for much of the rest in the
industry."
   Now, even with the opportunities presented in 1992 as
Europe moves toward a single market and monetary union,
profits in the Euromarket are likely to remain hard to come
by -- except for a few large players.
   "It wasn't difficult to be aggressive for business this
year when interest rates were declining," says Hans-Joerg
Rudloff, chief executive of Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd.
in London. "But I don't think market conditions will be as
cooperative {in 1992} and it could be very tough for
everyone."
   Mr. Rudloff cites the unsettled situation in the republics
of the former Soviet Union and prolonged recessions in the
U.S. and U.K., as concerns that could derail profitability
for securities firms in the Euromarket.
   Another threat to the vibrancy of the market will be
maintaining adequate capital to meet international regulatory
standards. Some securities firms will be forced to cut down
on high-risk but potentially rewarding business to preserve
capital.
   The year just ended was marked by an influx of Latin
American issuers in the Eurobond markets; there were 18
issues by companies situated in Latin America, with a total
of $2.5 billion raised, says Securities Data. That compares
with only two issues totaling $53.3 million in 1990.
   Bankers also hope that emerging markets in Eastern Europe,
South America and Asia will add to the potential Eurobond
business in 1992.
   "As countries like Mexico, Brazil and Argentina make
further progress in reforming their economies, companies
located there will find their need for capital increase,"
says Securities Data analyst Mark Basch. "This will cause
further forays into the Eurobond market, which is an
excellent alternative to the immature local markets."
   It was a bad year for Eurobonds denominated in U.S.
dollars. With the U.S. recession and the falling value of the
country's currency, only 28.3% of Eurobonds were issued in
dollars, down from 34.8% in 1990 and more than 55% in 1989.
"As the U.S. dollar has declined as the currency of choice,
there has been a corresponding rise in issues denominated in
other currencies," particularly the yen, European currency
unit and the mark, notes Mr. Basch.
   ---
                     Top Global Underwriters
                    Of Debt and Equity of 1991
                                                                                                       

                                               1991     1990
                                 AMOUNT      MARKET   MARKET
 MANAGER                     (in billions)    SHARE    SHARE
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch & Co.             $110.5       13.0%    12.0%
 Goldman Sachs                     84.6        9.9      8.9
 First Boston                      75.6        8.9      8.9
 Lehman Brothers                   71.1        8.4      4.3
 Morgan Stanley                    58.6        6.9      6.7

 Salomon Brothers                  49.5        5.8      7.5
 Bear Stearns                      33.9        4.0      4.1
 Nomura Securities                 27.1        3.2      4.1
 Daiwa Securities                  22.0        2.6      1.6
                                                                                                       

 TOP 10                          $584.5       68.7%    62.6%
                                                                                                       

 INDUSTRY TOTAL                  $850.5      100.0%   100.0%
                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co.
   ---
                         Top Underwriters
                   Of Non-U.S. Securities in 1991
                                                                                                       

                                               1991     1990
                                 AMOUNT      MARKET   MARKET
 MANAGER                     (in billions)    SHARE    SHARE
                                                                                                       

 Nomura Securities                $22.1        8.4%     9.3%
 Deutsche Bank                     18.0        6.9      8.4
 First Boston                      17.6        6.7      5.7
 Daiwa Securities                  17.2        6.5      4.2
 Goldman Sachs                     14.7        5.6      2.6
 Banque Paribas                    11.2        4.2      3.0
 Yamaichi Securities               10.0        3.8      2.9
 Nikko Securities                  10.0        3.8      3.3
 Morgan Stanley                     9.8        3.7      1.6
 Merrill Lynch                      9.8        3.7      3.0
                                                                                                       

 TOP 10                          $140.5       53.4%    44.1%
                                                                                                       

 INDUSTRY TOTAL                  $263.0      100.0%   100.0%
                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co./IFR