RTC to Cut Prices
   Of Undeveloped Land
   In Bid to Speed Sales
The holding costs for raw land aren't as high as for
commercial and residential real estate, where buildings must
be maintained. But agency overhead, along with taxes,
liability insurance and the lost opportunity for profiting on
the land, persuaded the board to sell land faster.
   "We are embarking on an aggressive selling program,
instead of a holding pattern," said Gary Bowen, vice
president of asset management.
   About $7 billion of the $129 billion in assets the RTC
currently holds is undeveloped land, one of the most
difficult assets to sell because of uncertainties about
values in local markets. Most of the land has been held for
more than three years, either by the RTC or the insolvent
SLs it seized.
   Under the new rules, land valued at less than $500,000 can
be auctioned off without a minimum acceptable price. Land
valued up to $2 million can be auctioned with extremely low
"reserve" prices, with acceptable bids as low as 50% of
appraised value. Previously, the agency was limited to 85% of
appraised value in most cases.
   The agency will offer 15-year financing for buyers
offering 15% down payments, Mr. Bowen said. Prices will be
discounted further for all-cash bids, or for those with
higher down payments.