Olsten Head Agrees
   With Profit Estimates
   Projected by Analysts
Mr. Liguori also said it is "in the back of our head" to
expand into the international temporary-help market, probably
first through an acquisition of a U.K. company. But he said
such expansion is not likely this year "unless the right
opportunity" emerges. The company would expand abroad through
acquisitions rather than open its own operation overseas, he
said. International expansion, he indicated, is necessary to
take advantage of strong growth in the global economy that he
anticipates later this decade.
   Olsten, whose business bottomed out last June as the
recession hit, has seen sales growth expand from low single
digits in the 1991 third quarter to low double digits in the
current quarter, Mr. Liguori said.
   Last year, Olsten reported combined service sales of $1
billion, of which about one-third represented sales in the
healthcare service field, through Olsten HealthCare. The
company, in December 1990, acquired Upjohn HealthCare
Services Inc. from Upjohn Co. Last year, the Upjohn business
contributed about 15 cents a share to Olsten.
   Mr. Liguori also said directors "could" consider a stock
split, although such consideration probably wouldn't occur
until the latter half of this year or next year. The company
has split its stock seven times; the last, a 5-for-4 split,
was in 1989.