Credit Ratings:
   Coca-Cola Enterprises'
   Reorganization Gets
   Mixed Reviews on Debt
On Tuesday, Coca-Cola Enterprises said it would take a
$152 million charge to cover a restructuring that includes
decentralizing operations, modifying computer systems and
cutting staff.
   Moody's, which also cited price competition in soft
drinks, lowered the senior debt ratings of Coca-Cola
Enterprises to single-A-3 from single-A-2 and lowered the
company's commercial paper rating to Prime-2 from Prime-1.
However, the agency also upgraded $550 million of Johnston
Coca-Cola debt, saying that future fundings would take place
through the parent company rather than the subsidiary.
Johnston's senior debt ratings move to Baa-1 from Ba-2, and
its subordinated debt ratings move to Baa-2 from single-B-1.
Coca-Cola Enterprises declined to comment on the Moody's
action.
   Meanwhile, Standard  Poor's Corp. affirmed debt ratings
of Coca-Cola Enterprises and Johnston Coca-Cola. The agency
said Atlanta-based Coca-Cola Co., which owns 44% of Coca-Cola
Enterprises, has a substantial incentive to ensure the
viability of the company that distributes 55% of its soft
drink volume in the U.S.
   "We've always believed the implied support is the
overwhelming factor in the ratings," said Adele Archer,
assistant vice president at Standard  Poor's.