Franchisee Lawsuit
   Alleges Blockbuster
   Competed Unfairly
It also won a temporary restraining order yesterday to
keep Blockbuster from, among other things, terminating its
franchise agreements, opening new stores in its territory and
expanding, remodeling or relocating any of the video stores
Blockbuster acquired.
   The franchisee, which is managed by Capitol Entertainment
Management Co., owns a total of 28 Blockbuster Superstores
and is controlled largely by the Zale family of Dallas.
   In the lawsuit, the franchisee charges that Blockbuster
said it was negotiating to buy Erol's Video Stores, the
nation's third largest chain, on behalf of franchisees. The
franchisee alleges that Blockbuster promised it wouldn't
acquire the Erol's stores until it had agreements to sell the
franchisee the Erol's stores in its territories.
   However, Blockbuster acquired the stores in April 1991
without such an agreement. After that, the lawsuit charges,
Blockbuster began upgrading and expanding the Erol's stores
to make them look and operate like Blockbuster's. Then,
Blockbuster said it would terminate the franchisee's rights
to open new stores in part of its territory and planned to
open new stores itself.
   In Fort Lauderdale, Blockbuster officials said they hadn't
seen the lawsuit, but Ronald Castell, senior vice president,
said the franchisee's allegations are "totally without
merit." Mr. Castell said Blockbuster notified Capitol
Entertainment Feb. 26 that Capitol had defaulted on the
development agreement, which, he said, required the
franchisee to open a certain number of stores by a certain
date.