Marketing  Media:
   Three TV Networks
   Seek Concessions
   On NFL Contracts
   ----
   By Kevin Goldman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A spokesman for the NFL said yesterday, "There is a
dialogue going on now on a number of issues," but he declined
to be specific. He said the NFL is "sensitive" to the plight
of the networks, which have run combined losses of more than
$200 million on the first two seasons of the pacts.
   One network official said the networks may ask the NFL to
extend the current contracts by two years and to grant
economic concessions for the extended period. The NFL
spokesman wouldn't comment on that possibility.
   In asking for a price break, the networks may actually be
starting to negotiate for the next round of football
contracts that comes up in two years. They have typically
insisted that they wouldn't pay exorbitant fees, only to bid
record prices when the negotiating started.
   In fact, News Corp.'s Fox network may be interested "if
the price is right," a spokeswoman said, although she added,
"We're not in the business of overbidding for sports."
   CBS had asked baseball for a partial refund on its
four-year, $1.06 billion contract. It got nowhere and is
still smarting from the deal. Last year, CBS wrote off $322
million in pretax losses for football and baseball, bringing
its two-year sports losses to $604 million. It didn't specify
how much of the loss was from football, but some industry
officials said it was about $100 million.
   CBS is also bracing for the Winter Olympics, which begin
next Saturday in Albertville, France. The network paid $243
million for television rights for the two weeks of events and
will spend $100 million more on coverage.