Business Brief:
   Weyerhaeuser's Fourth-Quarter Loss
   Totaled $256.4 Million on Big Charge
The big forest-products concern, like others in the
industry, also was hurt in the quarter by weakness in its
core timber businesses, mainly because the recession has
pummeled paper and pulp prices and depressed lumber demand.
Operating profit in the quarter, before the restructuring
charges, totaled $27 million, or 13 cents a share, down 54%
from a year earlier. There were no extraordinary charges in
the previous quarter, making earnings $59 million, or 30
cents a share. Sales for the latest quarter rose 2.1% to
$2.13 billion from $2.09 billion.
   For the full year, Weyerhaeuser had a net loss of $161.9
million, or 80 cents a share. Last year, the company earned
$393.7 million, or $1.87 a share. Sales fell 3.6% to $8.7
billion from $9.02 billion.
   Separately, Rocky Mountain Helicopters Inc., Provo, Utah,
said it acquired a lumber remanufacturing company from
Weyerhaeuser. Terms weren't disclosed. Rocky Mountain said
the Eugene, Ore., site could add $12 million to $15 million
to its annual revenue.
   In late New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday,
Weyerhaeuser stock was quoted at $31.75 a share, down 12.5
cents. In national over-the-counter trading, Rocky Mountain
stock jumped 37.5 cents to close at $4.375 a share.