New Securities Issues
issue of senior notes, due March 1, 2002, was priced as 8
7/8% at 99.183 to yield 9%. The non-callable senior notes
were priced at a spread of 168 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-3 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard  Poor's
Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Lehman Brothers Inc.
   AMR Corp. -- $100 million issue of senior amortizing
notes, due March 15, 1997, was priced as 6 1/2% at 99.817 to
yield 6.581%. The noncallable senior amortizing notes were
priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury's
two-year and three-year note blend. The issue has a weighted
average life of 2.52 years. Rated Baa-1 by Moody's and
triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Greater Orlando Aviation Authority, Fla. -- $207.6 million
airport facilities revenue bonds and refunding revenue bonds,
Series 1992 A, and Series 1992 B, due Oct. 1, 2002-2005,
2006, 2008, 2011 and 2021, were tentatively priced by a
PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6.10% in 2002 to 6.77%
in 2021. Series A consists of $176 million of bonds. There
are $32.8 million of term bonds priced as 6.25% at 97 to
yield 6.57% in 2006, $46.7 million term bonds priced as 6.50%
at 97.50 to yield 6.73% in 2011 and $96.5 million term bonds
priced as 6.38% at 95 to yield 6.77% in 2021. Series B
consists of $31.6 million refunding revenue bonds. Current
interest serial bonds are priced at par to yield from 6.10%
in 2002 to 6.40% in 2005. There are $15.2 million term bonds
priced as 6.55% at par in 2008. The bonds are insured by
Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. and rated triple-A by
Moody's and SP. Interest on the Series A bonds will be
treated as a preference item in calculating the federal
alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain
investors.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million issue of
Freddie Mac real estate mortgage investment conduit
securities is being offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The
offering, Series Gold 1245, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
15-year 8% mortgage securities. The weighted average lives
assume prepayments at 185% of the PSA Model. The collateral
has a weighted average coupon rate of 8.60% and weighted
average remaining term to maturity of 14.33 years.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Vitalink Pharmacy Services Inc. -- An initial issue of 2.4
million common shares was priced at $17 a share through
underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   Air  Water Technologies Corp. -- An issue of 1.3 million
common shares was priced at $20.25 a share through
underwriters led by Allen  Co.
   First Republic Bancorp Inc. -- An issue of 1.65 million
common shares was priced at $16.125 a share through
underwriters led by Montgomery Securities.
   Heart Technologies Inc. -- An initial issue of 3.8 million
common shares was priced at $18 a share through underwriters
led by Hambrecht  Quist Inc. The issue was increased from an
original 2.5 million shares.
   Toastmaster Inc. -- An initial issue of 2.875 million
common shares was priced at $15 a share through underwriters
led by Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   Walbro Corp. -- An issue of 1.15 million common shares
priced at $25.50 a share through underwriters led by Stifel,
Nicolaus  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS

   Nippon Telegraph  Telephone Co. (Japan) -- $250 million
of 6 7/8% Eurobonds due March 26, 1997, at issue price 101
1/8 via J.P. Morgan Securities. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99 1/2 to yield 7%, a margin of
0.32 point above the Treasury's 6 3/4% bonds due 1997. Fees 1
7/8.
   Mitsui Toatsu Chemical Co. (Japan) -- 15 billion yen of
5.80% Eurobonds due June 18, 1996, at an issue price of
101.45 via Nomura International PLC. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 100.10 to yield 5.76%. Fees 1
5/8. Separately, 15 billion yen of 5.85% Eurobonds due June
18, 1997, at an issue price of 101.75 via Yamaichi
International PLC. Reoffered at 100.175. Fees 1 7/8.
   General Electric Capital Corp. (U.S.) -- 300 million
French francs of 9 3/8% Eurobonds due March 28, 1995, via
Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. (Paris). Offered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 100.97 to yield 8.99%, margin
0.20 point above French government's 8.70% notes due 1995.
Will trade interchangeably with existing 750 million francs
of identical notes. Fees not disclosed.