Economy:
   Index Shows
   Sluggishness
   Is Widespread
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
The newest figures offer further evidence that the economy
has been dead in the water for some time and will remain
sluggish in the near future. Between January and July, the
index rose steadily, but it has since been lackluster.
   "The recession has been in place since the summer of 1990
and the slide is likely to continue through spring and early
summer," said Norman Robertson, chief economist for Mellon
Bank of Pittsburgh.
   Mr. Robertson cautioned that recent strength in the stock
market shouldn't be construed as evidence the economy is
improving. "The harsh reality is that the country is still
mired in recession," he said.
   A large drop in consumer expectations once again did the
most damage to the leading index; many analysts have blamed
the negative mind-set of Americans for hampering the
recovery. Weak applications for building permits also hurt
the index in November, as did a rise in average weekly
initial claims for state unemployment insurance.
   "The November index shows that the economy wasn't about to
rebound on its own," said Donald Ratajczak, director of the
economic forecasting center at Georgia State University.
   However, analysts predicted that the leading index for
December would show improvement. Those numbers will reflect
the Federal Reserve's recent aggressive move of slashing the
discount rate by a full percentage point to breathe life into
the economy.
   "Improvements will appear in money growth and stock prices
as a result" in the next index, said Prof. Ratajczak.
   It is unclear whether the construction industry will show
a marked pickup as a result of interest-rate cuts. James
Smith, professor of finance at University of North Carolina,
said Americans seem more interested in refinancing existing
loans than in putting up new buildings.
   But he added: "With any luck, 1992 will be a better year
than 1991."
   The Commerce Department's index of coincident indicators,
which is designed to track the current health of the economy,
fell 0.8% in November because of previously reported declines
in employment, personal income and industrial production. The
index is now lower than at any point since the recession
began in July 1990. In fact, it is lower than at any time
since September 1987. Some economists say that supports the
case that the recession still hasn't ended.
   Meanwhile, the department said single-family homes sales
in November remained at October's seasonally adjusted
520,000-unit annual rate, despite record low interest rates.
In both months, there was a 6.8-month supply of homes on the
market.
   Home sales increased in the West and South, but fell
slightly in the Midwest and dropped a huge 44.6% in the
Northeast. Figures on home sales often are revised
substantially, and economists expect that the decline
reported for the Northeast will prove to be a statistical
anomaly. "That's a shocking fall-off for no good reason,"
said David Seiders, economist for the National Association of
Home Builders. "I think that's primarily a matter of
statistical sampling in a thin market."
   During the first 11 months of 1991, 469,000 new houses
were sold, compared with 505,000 in the same period the
previous year.
   The department said home sales rose a revised 3.8% in
October; previously it estimated that the increase was 2.2%.
   ---
                    LEADING INDICATORS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the net contributions of the components of the
Commerce Department's index of leading indicators. After
various adjustments, they produced a 0.3% decrease in the
index for November and a 0.1% increase for October.
                                                                                                       

                                         Nov.       Oct.
                                         1991       1991
                                                                                                       

 Workweek ..............................  .00       -.07
 Unemployment claims ................... -.15        .03
 Orders for consumer goods ............. -.03       -.05
 Slower deliveries .....................  .03        .05
 Plant and equipment orders ............  .15        .21
 Building permits ...................... -.10        .13

 Materials prices ......................  .09       -.07
 Stock prices .......................... -.01       -.00
 Money supply .......................... -.01        .04
 Consumer expectations ................. -.32       -.22
                                                                                                       

   The seasonally adjusted index numbers (1982=100) for
November, and the change from October, are:
                                                                                                       

 Index of leading indicators ........... 145.1     -0.3
 Index of coincident indicators ........ 125.2     -0.8
 Index of lagging indicators ........... 110.8     -0.5
                                                                                                       

   The ratio of coincident to lagging indicators was 1.13,
the same as the previous month.