OTC Focus:
   Composite Index Leaps 1.8% to High;
   Technology Stocks Pace Broad Gain
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Traders suggested that some investors, who had delayed
purchases in anticipation of a correction, shook off their
fears and bought shares as the upward price momentum mounted.
   While over-the-counter stocks rallied alone yesterday
morning, the market gains were further fueled when New York
Stock Exchange shares turned sharply higher in the afternoon.
Many attributed that to the Treasury's successful auction of
10-year notes in the second leg of its quarterly refunding of
the government debt.
   The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index finished with
a gain of 1.60, or 0.70%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average
advanced 25.26, or 0.78%, to a new high of 3276.83.
   Many large-capitalization OTC technology stocks added to
their early gains to close several points higher. Apple
Computer jumped 2 3/8 to 65 1/4, Microsoft surged 3 1/4 to
125 3/4 and Amgen leapt 3 1/8 to 68 1/8.
   The advance in the Nasdaq 100 Index, which measures the
performance of large nonfinancial issues, far outstripped the
increases in other indexes. The Nasdaq 100 jumped 23.14, or
3.36%, to a record 711.95.
   But the rally was broad-based. Most other Nasdaq indexes
-- except for those tracking utility stocks and bank issues
-- also set new highs. Advancing issues outnumbered
decliners, 1,354 to 866.
   National Market System volume jumped to an active
207,700,000 shares, from 171,340,000 Tuesday.
   James Solloway, director of research at Argus Research,
said cyclical stocks attracted considerable attention
yesterday because of the perception that interest rates will
remain low, and the economy will rebound. He considers
computer technology-related stocks to be among these issues,
whose performance is closely linked to the strength of the
economy.
   Applied Materials soared 6 3/4 to 45 1/2 after the
semiconductor manufacturing-equipment supplier late Tuesday
reported first-quarter net of 37 cents a share, up from 25
cents a share a year ago. The mean analyst estimate for the
latest quarter was 36 cents, according to First Call, a unit
of Thomson Financial Networks. Sales rose to $167 million
from $144.6 million.
   The company's strong figures spurred several analysts to
raise earnings estimates. Cowen  Co. analyst H. Elliot
Rogers, for example, increased his 1992 earnings projection
to $2.20 a share from a previous forecast of $1.75 a share,
according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report.
   Shares of computer disk drive manufacturers advanced.
Seagate Technology rose 7/8 to 14 1/2 after a CNBC cable
television report about the company. Quantum Corp. rose 3/4
to 16 3/4 after First Boston analyst Charles R. Wolf upgraded
his rating on the stock.
   Separately, a spokesman for Matsushita Electric Industrial
said that company plans to sell Quantum computer hard-disk
drives in Japan. A unit of Matsushita will produce the
drives. It has made such products for Quantum since 1984.
   Cray Computer fell 1 7/8 to 7 1/4. The company said it
will seek a partner to help it sell smaller four- and
eight-processor versions of its Cray-3 computer. In December,
the company's only customer, the Lawrence Livermore National
Laboratory, canceled its order for a larger version of the
machine, citing development delays.
   Several new issues advanced in active trading. Frame
Technology finished at 21 3/4, well above its $14-a-share
pricing, on 1.7 million shares. Sholodge Inc. settled at 17,
above its $14 offering level, on volume of 1.6 million
shares. International Jensen closed at 13 5/8, up from its
offering price of $11.50 a share, on 1.2 million shares.
   Frame Technology's issue was increased to two million
shares from an expected 1,750,000. The offering, meanwhile,
was made above the $8.50-to-$10-a-share range that had been
expected. Frame is a San Jose, Calif., vendor of document
publishing software.
   Sholodge, a Gallatin, Tenn., franchiser of Shoney's Inns
locations, was the subject of a 1,880,000-share offering,
which included 480,000 that were sold by existing holders.
International Jensen, based in Lincolnshire, Ill., had a
1,650,000-share offering, which included 250,000 sold by
existing investors. The company makes loudspeakers.
   Granite Construction plunged 7 to 25 1/2 after the company
said it expects to report fourth-quarter earnings of 31 cents
to 41 cents a share, down from 58 cents a share a year ago,
and below the mean analyst forecast of 64 cents a share. The
Watsonville, Calif., company said activity declined in both
its public and residential business lines. California
Biotechnology dropped 1 7/8 to 19 1/4. The company reported a
fourth-quarter loss of $10.6 million, or 63 cents a share,
after taking a $6.2 mil1ion charge related to its acquisition
of the outstanding minority interest in its Metabolic
Biosystems unit. A year ago, the Palo Alto, Calif., company
had a loss of $1.2 million, or 10 cents a share. Trimedyne
gained 1 3/4 to 10 1/2. The company disclosed that it raised
$9.5 million through the private placement of common shares
and stock-purchase warrants. The purchasers were identified
only as "institutions and accredited investors." Healthsource
jumped 1 1/2 to 32 1/4 after the Concord, N.H., company
posted fourth-quarter net of 42 cents a share, up from 39
cents a share a year earlier. Revenue rose to $23.9 million
from $17.2 million. Egghead Inc. jumped 3 3/4 to 23 1/4 after
the software retailer reported net income of $6.3 million, or
36 cents a share, for the third quarter, ended last month. A
year ago, it earned $7.4 million, or 45 cents a share, after
recording a pretax gain of $1.4 million. The Issaquah, Wash.,
company said increased income tax provisions depressed
latest-quarter earnings.