Sunrise Medical Buys
   Germany's Sopur,
   A Wheelchair Maker
Mr. Chandler also said Sunrise Medical expects to report
net income of about $1.9 million, or 30 cents a share, for
the second quarter ended Dec. 27, up from $1.5 million, or 28
cents a share, in the prior year. Sales rose to about $53
million from $48 million, he said.
   For the six months, Sunrise Medical expects to report net
income of $4.3 million, or 68 cents a share, up from year-ago
net of $3.2 million, or 60 cents a share, the executive said.
   "The Sopur acquisition is expected to add modestly to our
earnings per-share in fiscal-year 1992 and more significantly
in future years," Mr. Chandler said in an interview. Sopur,
which distributes its wheelchairs in Germany and 15 other
countries, grew nearly 50% last year and had annual sales of
$17 million, he said.
   Under terms of the Sopur deal, Sopur's senior management
team will remain in place, and the German company will
"coordinate its activities" with Sunrise Medical's other
wheelchair-making units in the U.S. and the U.K. Mr. Chandler
said he expects the purchase will give his home health-care
products company "improved access to the emerging countries
in Eastern Europe."
   In addition to manually operated and power wheelchairs,
Sunrise Medical makes therapeutic mattresses, ambulatory and
bath-safety aids, and other products for recovering patients,
the disabled and the elderly.