The Award Is a Bronzed Phone Bill
   Carrying a Long List of Charges
   ----
   By Suein L. Hwang
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Other winners included Tele-Lawyer, Blue White Hotline
(Penn State University's sports line), 1-800-DENTIST (one of
the few free-service entrants) and PepsiCola's License to
Chill promotion. (Sponsors of the awards exclude programming
that describes sexual conduct.) About 14,000 "900" lines are
operating.
   Organizer John Irvine says there are thoughts of
broadening the contest to include overseas 900 ventures,
although he says the language gap makes judging a bit
difficult. Nonetheless, one foreign entrant made it to the
finals this year: Drakodaren, a Swedish interactive game
program. In English, the game is Dragonslayer.
   Judges rank the phone line services, most of them
pay-per-call, on content, value and a mix of program,
production quality, ease of use and creativity.
   Choices aren't easy. What provides greater service for the
money? The "Hulk Hogan WWF Wrestling Challenge" or the
"Cheers Trivia Game," based on the TV comedy show? How about
the "Preview Line," which gives the U.S. Roman Catholic
Church's opinion on 1,000 movies and videos, or the "Dwarf
Helpline," a referral line for short-statured persons?
   One of the finalists, "Indy 500 Pit Talk," promises to
eavesdrop on the private conversations of the drivers and
their pit crews for $1.50 a minute. The line delivers, but
much of the chat is fuzzy, and a commentator helps translate
it to guide a neophyte through an arcane discussion of car
parts.
   One entrant, a service to locate jobs, may be more
depressing than helpful. "Good hunting]" begins the message
cheerfully, but a test call listed only one job opening -- in
the computers and science field in northern California.