World Markets:
   Arbitrage Buying Boosts Tokyo Stocks as Trading
   Remains Thin; London Share Prices Finish Flat
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
In Tokyo, the Nikkei index, which jumped more than 200
points during the last half hour of trading, finished with a
gain of 519.89 points at 21291.81. It rose 153.62 points
Thursday. The Nikkei closed the 1991 trading year at
22983.77.
   In Tokyo Monday, the Nikkei index fell 75.16 points to
close the morning session at 21216.65.
   "Everyone was so bearish this week," expecting a downside
test of the 20,000 level, said one trader. But when support
at 20,500 held, investors began covering their short futures
positions, resulting in arbitrage buying of stocks, he said.
   But volume remained extremely thin, making it impossible
to interpret Friday's jump as a meaningful advance. Volume
was estimated at 200 million shares, little changed from the
196 million shares which changed hands Thursday.
   Gainers overwhelmed decliners 807 to 188, while 133 issues
remained unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all
first-section issues, which rose 2.79 points Thursday, jumped
28.25 points, or 1.85%, to 1551.66.
   One trader said rumors that the Bank of Japan will cut its
official discount rate in the near future by 0.75-1
percentage point helped push the Nikkei higher.
   Bank of Japan Governor Yasushi Mieno is currently in the
U.S. to talk with senior U.S. Federal Reserve Bank officials,
fueling market speculation that a coordinated rate cut may be
in the works.
   Traders said interest-rate sensitive shares, such as
banks, brokerage firms, real estate and electrical companies,
moved higher.
   But participants predict that downward earnings revisions
by Japanese companies will continue to depress the market. "I
don't think there's a bull out there," said one trader.
   A futures trader at a foreign securities firm said if
Nikkei March futures can stay above 21,200, it could test the
21,500 level. But she said she's advising investors to buy
puts for downside insurance.
   "The market doesn't seem to want to go down but it doesn't
want to push much higher either," said one trader. The market
will continue to respond to earnings outlook news, with
companies that revise their forecasts downward being sold
off.
   Kyocera ended Friday up 190 yen at 4,200 yen ($32.66),
after it released a relatively minor downward revision of its
earnings forecast for the fiscal year ending March 31.
Kyocera said its unconsolidated pretax profit will fall by
27% from the previous year, only slightly down from a
November forecast of a 21% decline.
   Bank shares gained sharply. Sumitomo Bank jumped 100 yen,
or 6%, to 1,760; Mitsubishi Bank gained 100, or 4.7%, to
2,240; Mitsui Taiyo Kobe Bank surged 120, or 9.2%, to 1,420;
Industrial Bank of Japan advanced 60 to 2,470; and Dai-Ichi
Kangyo Bank finished up 70 at 2,000.
   Brokerages also gained. Nomura gained 30 to 1,520; Nikko
climbed 19 to 760; Yamaichi Securities advanced 20 to 720;
and Daiwa Securities rose 17 to 998.
   Real estate companies advanced. Mitsubishi Estate climbed
30 to 1,100 and Mitsui Real Estate jumped 5 to 706.
   Electrical shares rebounded. Hitachi rose 10 to 855;
Toshiba climbed 14 to 610; Pioneer jumped 100 to 3,380; and
Matsushita Electric Industrial rose 40 to 1,370.
   Victor Co. of Japan, pioneer of the VHS videocassette
recorder, held steady at 1,160 yen, despite saying it expects
to report a consolidated pretax loss of 4.4 billion yen
($34.2 million) for the fiscal year ending March 31, its
first loss since 1951.
   In London, stocks were unable to muster any muscle,
dealers said, as a new political opinion poll pegged the
opposition Labor party four points ahead of the ruling
Conservatives.
   A general election must be held by mid-1992. The poll gave
Prime Minister John Major his lowest personal approval rating
among the British electorate since he took office and reveals
a gloomier public view about the economy than at any time
since the current recession began.
   The poll showed that 49% of those questioned now think the
economy is "weak and doing badly." And for the first time in
recent months, the survey said more people regard the
Conservatives as "not competent" to manage the economy.
   At the closing bell, the Financial Times Stock Exchange
100-share index was down 1.1 points at 2542.3. The key
100-stock barometer opened up 11.7 points at 2555.1, its
intraday peak. The FT 30-stock index fell 6.5 points to
1982.9. Volume was 569.5 million shares, down from 593.6
million traded Thursday.
   Peter Spencer, equity strategist at Lehman Brothers
International in London, said the upcoming fiscal 1993 budget
continued to hang over the market, stopping any advance.
   Next week's slew of major corporate earnings reports were
also said to be holding back fresh demand for equities.
   In corporate developments, bank stocks were boosted after
Lloyds reported a 9.1% rise in pretax profit to #645 million
($1.13 billion) in 1991 from #591 million a year earlier. The
result was at the upper end of market expectations. Lloyds
stock rose 17 pence to 404 pence on turnover of 5.6 million
shares.
   Rising in sympathy was Standard Chartered, up 6 at 455;
Barclays, up 2 at 387; National Westminster, up 7 at 292; and
Royal Bank of Scotland, up 3 at 171. Midland, however, bucked
the trend to end 5 lower at 230.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock ended the week securely
above the psychologically important 1700 level. After gaining
steadily during Friday's session, the expiration of stock
options propelled the DAX higher into the finish.
   The DAX gained 14.45 points or 0.9% to close at 1717.63
points, just shy of the intraday high of 1718.55 points. All
30 of the shares in the DAX index ended with gains.
   Investors raced to buy up shares to cover positions on
expiring February call options on the German Futures and
Options Exchange. That strategy had also helped catapult the
DAX over 1700 Thursday, and kept it above that level for the
first time after repeated attempts during the last six weeks.
   But Friday's rally failed to push the index over 1720,
which would have sent a strongly bullish signal to traders.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % This
                                Feb 20    Feb 19    Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ....................    387.3     382.0     - 0.7
   Britain .................    757.8     754.5     + 2.8
   Canada ..................    399.9     400.4     + 1.0
   Japan ...................    876.7     874.0     -11.4
   France ..................    549.6     539.9     + 9.8

   Hong Kong ...............   3475.8    3478.5     +12.3
   Switzerland .............    221.8     220.0     + 8.2
   Australia ...............    345.8     345.9     - 1.5
   World index .............    509.6     506.8     - 4.8