House Energy Panel
   Approves Bill Altering
   Electric-Utility Rules
Among key differences, the House bill doesn't contain
Senate language that would streamline nuclear plant
licensing, but it does include controversial provisions
designed to increase access to electricity transmission
lines. In an effort to force the Bush administration to fill
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve more rapidly, the bill
threatens to force oil refiners and importers to start
sending a portion of their annual output to the emergency
facility.
   The alternative-fuel provisions would require the federal
government and fuel suppliers, such as local utility
companies, to start buying fleet vehicles that run on
non-gasoline fuels such as natural gas or ethanol. In
addition, the bill would set a goal recommending that 30% of
all motor vehicle fuels be non-gasoline by 2010, and it would
authorize the energy secretary to establish rules in order to
reach that goal.
   Both bills would allow utilities and nonutility companies
to build, own and operate power plants in more than one state
without having the facilities subject to the regulations that
apply to utilities under the Public Utility Holding Company
Act. The House bill, however, also includes so-called
transmission access provisions designed to ensure that
independent power producers and utilities operating out of
state have access to transmission lines.