World Markets:
   Equities in Tokyo Retreat, as Investors Await
   Any U.S. Accords; London, Frankfurt Stocks Fall
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Wednesday, the Nikkei index sank 437.92 points to close
the morning session at 23128.47.
   Tuesday's first-section volume was estimated at a light
220 million shares, up from 186 million shares Monday, when
the market was open for only half a day. Losers outnumbered
gainers, 631-306, and 143 issues were unchanged. The Tokyo
Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first-section issues,
which rose 48.75 points Monday, lost 16.76 points to 1746.67.
   Shares surrendered early gains to profit-taking, including
sales by institutions, while many participants held off from
pushing prices higher after the Nikkei's jump in the previous
two sessions. President Bush's arrival in Japan in the middle
of morning trading on the bourse also sidelined some
investors.
   The Nikkei, which marked the intraday high at 23901.89
just after the market opened, fell as low as 23514.28 at
midafternoon. Despite favorable factors, such as the yen's
advance and the Japanese bond market's strength, stocks
lacked energy to continue the climb triggered by the Dec. 30
discount-rate cut by the Bank of Japan.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index gave up 10.3 points to 2482.9, just off the intraday
peak of 2483.5. The FT 30-stock index eased 2.4 points to
1904.1. Volume was 478.9 million shares, compared with 492.4
million shares in the previous session.
   As dealers assessed the market's nearterm prospects
following the year-end price surge, some institutions were
reluctant to buy, for reasons varying from uncertainties
about British politics and Wall Street's ability to continue
to climb, to pervasive weakness in several major British
sectors. Sentiment also weakened because of little room for
interest-rate cuts.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index fell 10.87 points to
1592.45. Volume was low. Most blue chips ended down less than
1%. Analysts generally are bearish on shortterm prospects for
the German market, expecting big investors to lie low pending
any convincing evidence of a recovery in the U.S. economy,
and a reduction in high German interest rates, which favor
fixedincome securities.
   Paris equities dropped as the market consolidated,
following its advance of almost 10% since the monthly trading
account began just before Christmas. Amsterdam stocks fell,
taking their cue partly from a softer dollar. In Milan, fresh
interest in banking and telecommunications stocks lifted the
rest of the market. In Stockholm, record turnover left shares
broadly higher.
   Stocks put in a mixed overall performance in the big Asian
and Pacific markets. After softer finishes on overseas
bourses, Sydney shares fell back on profit-taking and
disappointment that a cut in interest rates hadn't occurred;
after the market closed, Australia's central bank cut key
lending rates, including the official cash rate, the 11th
easing in monetary policy since January 1990. Hong Kong
shares climbed sharply in moderately active trading, partly
on growing hopes for a second-half U.S. economic recovery
that would benefit local exporters; conglomerates jumped on
sentiment that they would gain the most from faster economic
growth in Hong Kong and the U.S. Taipei stocks' rise
continued on hopes of lower local interest rates. In
Wellington, a jump in the New Zealand dollar encouraged
profit-taking in stocks, which ended sharply lower. Seoul
stocks, too, weakened on profit-taking.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British
Telecommunications was unchanged at 331 pence ($6.23), and
partly paid shares added 1/4 to 125 1/2. The London
stockbrokerage firm S.G. Warburg  Co., the global
coordinator in the second-section sale of British government
shares in British Telecommunications, purchased 22.5 million
new shares to stabilize the international offering. Warburg
coordinated the British and international offering of a
combined 24% of the company. The government sold about 1.6
billion shares, raising #5 billion ($9.41 billion) and
reducing its stake to about 22% from almost 48%.
   Boots fell 3 1/2 to 421. The pharmaceutical company said
sales at its retail division rose 5.2% in its third quarter
ended Dec. 31, compared with a year earlier, but it didn't
provide any figures. Boots also said its core drugstore
chain's sales rose 4.5%.
   In Paris, Michelin advanced 3 French francs, or 2.3%, to
133 francs ($25.72), on a French news report that the tire
maker has developed a revolutionary production process that
could sharply reduce production costs by replacing the manned
assembly line with automation. Michelin officials weren't
available to comment. Last year, the company said it was
developing a new production system but didn't elaborate then.
   Source Perrier fell 15, or 1.2%, to 1,235. The food and
paper concern Saint Louis has acquired 13.8% of Perrier, a
mineral water and cheese concern. The stake was purchased for
1,235 francs a share, or 1.53 billion francs ($295.9
million), in concert with Exor, Perrier's largest
shareholder, and the Ominco unit of Exor, a holding company.
Saint Louis shares gained 10 to 1,245.
   Elf Aquitaine eased 2.1 to 378.50. Its Sanofi
pharmaceutical unit predicted 1992 increases in profit of 10%
and in revenue of 4%. Sanofi said it would continue last
year's policy of concentrating on highermargin products in
diagnostics, human health and cosmetics, and of reducing
debt.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % 1991
                                   Jan 6    Jan 3    Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. .........................  390.6    391.8  + 27.3
   Britain ......................  737.3    740.0  + 15.4
   Canada .......................  397.3    396.2  +  8.3
   Japan ........................ 1020.4    989.4  +  2.6
   France .......................  506.8    501.8  + 19.5
   Germany ......................  248.2    248.3  + 10.0
   Hong Kong .................... 3106.8   3103.1  + 43.0
   Switzerland ..................  209.9    209.4  + 24.3
   Australia ....................  356.3    352.7  + 33.1
   World index ..................  543.5    536.2  + 17.8