Economy:
   Consumer Prices
   Climbed a Slight
   0.1% in January
   ---
   Drops in Food, Energy Costs
   Hold Inflation in Check;
   Housing Starts Rise 5.5%
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper and Paulette Thomas
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
"With the economy being as weak as it has been, inflation
has moderated and it will continue to moderate even when the
recovery takes hold," said Hanover Securities Corp. economist
Sally Kleinman. Historically, inflation slows in the first
year of a recovery and remains low even in the second year of
expansion.
   Separately, the Commerce Department said housing starts
jumped 5.5% in January on a surge in apartment construction.
Housing economists found surprisingly little in the report to
cheer them, however.
   "The gain probably overstates how strong construction
was," said David Berson, chief economist for the Federal
National Mortgage Association.
   Moreover, some of the factors pushing the statistics may
be absent from the economy soon. Interest rates, after
falling to their lowest level in more than a decade, are
creeping back up. The low point in 30-year mortgages averaged
8.39% about six weeks ago. It was up to 9.14% yesterday.
   The Labor Department said car prices edged up 0.1% last
month even though they surged 1.5% at the wholesale level.
Larger increases in car prices may occur in coming months as
dealerships attempt to phase out rebate programs, according
to Merrill Lynch economists Bruce Steinberg and Donald
Straszheim.
   Housing, apparel and entertainment costs increased only
modestly as well in January and transportation costs fell.
The only area that continued to show substantial price
increases was health care, which surged 0.7% in January, the
same as in December.
   Housing starts rose to an annual rate of 1,167,000 in
January from 1,106,000 in December, according to the Commerce
Department report. New construction of single-family homes
rose 0.9% to a 974,000 rate from 965,000. The January
increase was confined to the Midwest, where starts soared to
an annual rate of 324,000 from 242,000 in December. Starts
fell slightly in every other region.
   Apartment construction also jumped, to a 162,000 annual
pace after plunging to a 97,000-unit rate in December.
Apartment starts for both months were so extreme that
economists were skeptical about their significance. In the
past year, apartment construction has hovered around a
150,000 rate.
   A survey by the National Association of Home Builders
suggests that buyer traffic is improving. In a survey
complied just yesterday, the association found 35% of the
builders polled considered traffic "high," up from 16% in
January and 8% in December. "Traffic is up a lot more
dramatically than sales," noted David Seiders, the
association's chief economist.
   Figures in both reports are adjusted for normal seasonal
variations.
   ---
                      CONSUMER PRICES
                                                                                                       

   Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components
of the Labor Department's consumer price index for January.
                                                                                                       

                                       % change from
                                      Dec.        Jan.
                                      1991        1990
                                                                                                       

 All items ......................     0.1         2.6
   Minus food  energy ..........     0.3         3.9
 Food and beverage ..............    -0.4         1.5
 Housing ........................     0.2         3.0
 Apparel ........................     0.3         3.3
 Transportation .................    -0.3        -0.8
 Medical care ...................     0.7         7.8
 Entertainment ..................     0.1         3.4
 Other ..........................     0.3         7.3
                                                                                                       

   January consumer price indexes (1982-1984 equals 100),
unadjusted for seasonal variation, together with the
percentage increases from January 1991 were:
                                                                                                       


 Urban wage earners  clerical ..   136.0         2.4
 Chicago ........................   138.9         2.8
 Los Angeles ....................   144.3         3.1
 New York .......................   147.3         3.0
 Philadelphia ...................   144.4         2.8
 San Francisco ..................   140.3         2.6
 Baltimore ......................   138.0         2.8
 Boston .........................   146.3         1.7
 Cleveland ......................   136.2         3.3
 Miami ..........................   133.7         1.7
 St. Louis ......................   132.5         1.1
 Washington, D.C. ...............   142.9         2.7