Marketing  Media:
   NBC Is Renewing
   Its `Cheers' Comedy
   For an 11th Season
Last year, NBC, a unit of General Electric Co., paid $65
million to $70 million for 26 half-hour episodes, or
approximately $2.5 million to $2.7 million per show, making
"Cheers" the most expensive half-hour on network television.
   A year ago, "Cheers" was the No. 1 rated show on
television. But this year, its household ratings plunged 18%
and it is now the No. 4 rated show. NBC needed to keep
"Cheers" since the network will lose another critical show in
its powerhouse Thursday line-up, "The Cosby Show," which will
go off the air next month. And the ratings are down 8% for
another NBC Thursday show, "L.A. Law," which is also
undergoing creative retooling. Co-creator Steven Bochco and
former executive producer David E. Kelly are being brought
back.
   NBC executives have characterized this season as a period
of transition for the network, which has been the No. 1 in
household ratings for six years, but will slip to second
place behind CBS Inc.'s network when the 1991-92 season ends
next month. Earlier this month, NBC canceled two one-hour
dramas, "In the Heat of the Night" and "Matlock," because the
shows attracted older viewers rather than the younger ones
the network is trying to attract.