Business Brief:
   ITT Reports Profit for Fourth Quarter
   More Than Doubled; Dividend Is Raised
The latest quarter included $79 million, or 65 cents a
share, in capital gains from investment portfolios at the
Hartford Insurance and ITT Financial units, after a $1
million capital loss at the Hartford a year earlier.
   Year-earlier results included several unusual items
totaling $218 million, or $1.60 a share. Among these were a
$98 million charge for discontinued operations; a $71 million
charge to strengthen reserves and provide for litigation
exposure at ITT Financial; a $48 million charge for
withdrawing from certain insurance markets; a $16 million
charge for U.K. restructuring costs; and a "fresh start" tax
benefit of $15 million.
   ITT declared a quarterly dividend of 46 cents a share,
payable April 1 to shares of record Feb. 21. The company
previously paid 43 cents quarterly.
   Net fell 15% for the year, a decline that Chairman Rand V.
Araskog attributed to the "extended world-wide recession and
the stronger dollar."
   Net for 1991 fell to $817 million, or $6.42 a share, from
$958 million, or $7.28 a share. Revenue was $20.42 billion,
down from $20.60 billion in 1990.
   ITT said 1991 operating results rose at three of its four
service businesses: ITT Hartford, ITT Communications 
Information Services and ITT Financial. But ITT Sheraton
results declined because of lower occupancy, reflecting
reduced travel as a result of the Gulf War early last year
and the recession.
   Among the five product companies, ITT Defense had higher
earnings despite lower sales. Profit declined at ITT
Automotive, ITT Forest Products, ITT Fluid Technology and ITT
Electronic Components.