Amex Set to Launch
   A Market for Stocks
   Of `Emerging' Firms
Amex directors proposed the market last September. Formal
approval by the Securities and Exchange Commission is
expected soon, an Amex spokesman said.
   The spokesman said 15 to 20 companies -- ranging from
medical technology concerns to construction firms -- plan to
list shares on the marketplace on its first day of trading.
The number could be up to 30 stocks, "most of which now trade
on the Nasdaq system," by year's end, he said.
   To be listed, a company needs assets of at least $2
million if its stock currently trades on the National
Association of Securities Dealers' automated quotation
service, or Nasdaq, and between $3 million and $4 million if
it doesn't. In addition, candidates for listing will be
screened by a panel of members and selected outsiders to
determine their growth potential.
   Part of the Amex's challenge to Nasdaq involves the
continuing debate about the best way to trade stocks. Nasdaq
issues trade electronically on screens with investor orders
always passing through a dealer. But listings in the Emerging
Company Marketplace will be traded in the auction market that
the Amex uses now. In an auction market, orders are sent to a
single trading post, run by a specialist, where investors
sometimes trade directly with each other.
   Issues listed on the Amex's Marketplace could continue
trading in other markets, like the Nasdaq. But the spokesman
said the Amex "wants the Emerging Company Marketplace to be
an incubator-type market" that will enable the small
companies to "graduate" to main-tier listings.