Marketing  Media:
   Sony's TriStar Fills
   Posts of President,
   Head of Production
The studio confirmed that Stephen Randall, executive vice
president of worldwide production, is leaving the company.
Mr. Randall, 43 years old, said he would announce his plans
soon. Last fall, Shelly Hochron, a senior vice president in
the production department, left to take a job at Creative
Artists Agency Inc.
   "We needed to amplify our production department," Mr.
Medavoy said in an interview, referring to the appointments.
"It was time for a change. And these two people have unique
abilities to put together a program of movies that will make
all of us happy."
   Mr. Platt, 34, will join TriStar from financially troubled
Orion Pictures Corp., where as president of production he
oversaw production of such films as "The Silence of the
Lambs" and "Little Man Tate." Orion currently is reorganizing
under Chapter 11 of bankruptcy law.
   Ms. Snider, 30, has been executive vice president of
Guber-Peters Entertainment Co., the production company
founded by Sony Pictures Chief Executive OfficerPeter Guber
and independent producer Jon Peters. At GPEC, Ms. Snider,
among other things, co-supervised the production of "Single
White Female," a thriller that will be released by TriStar's
sister studio, Columbia Pictures, in July.