Manufacturing Found
   On Rise in 3 States
   After Stagnation
The index for current general manufacturing activity
jumped from negative 0.9 in February to 18.4 in March,
suggesting that manufacturing output is growing again. The
index is calculated by subtracting the percentage of
respondents expecting a decrease in activity from the
percentage expecting an increase. New orders increased at 28%
of firms surveyed, while shipments rose at one-third of the
firms.
   However, 17% of those polled said they had reduced
employment during March, while only 7% reported increases.
Employment stayed the same at the remaining 75%.
   Competition and sluggish demand led to price reductions at
9% of the firms, while prices rose at only 5%. Most firms
expect their prices to remain steady over the next six
months.
   Manufacturers, while still optimistic about the next six
months, are not as optimistic as they were in February. The
index reflecting business expectations for the next six
months fell from 64.7 in February to 43.3 in March. Firms
expecting declining activity rose from 4% in February to 13%
in March, while those expecting increases dropped from 69% to
57%.
   Fifty-five percent of the firms expect employment to
remain steady over the next six months, with the rest evenly
divided between job growth and job losses.