Rexene Says Concern
   In Thailand Offers
   To Acquire Assets
Separately, the company said the Internal Revenue Service
filed a claim with a federal bankruptcy court in Delaware
seeking $157 million for taxes related to 1989, 1990 and
1991. The company said the basis of the claim isn't clear,
and it is challenging it.
   Despite the offer and the tax claim, Rexene said it plans
to file a reorganization plan and disclosure statement later
this week. The plan will be similar to an agreement in
principle announced in October, just before Rexene sought
protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of bankruptcy
laws.
   That plan called for Rexene to issue new debt and equity
for its current $250 million in senior debt and $153 million
in senior subordinated notes. It also would buy back as much
as $15 million of the junior notes at a deep discount. Rexene
has said the plan would cut debt to between $325 million and
$355 million and reduce interest costs to about $24 million
from $70 million.
   A hearing on the disclosure statement is set for March 4.
Confirmation hearings on the plan are scheduled for April 29,
which would allow the company to restructure and emerge from
bankruptcy in May.
   While pushing ahead with its original plan, Rexene said
its board asked its management to try to improve Thai
Petrochemical's offer. But Rexene said based on preliminary
discussions with the company's financial advisers, it "is not
hopeful" the offer will be raised.