Business Brief:
   AP Stock Climbs
   10% Despite 49% Fall
   In Its 4th-Period Net
The operator of AP supermarkets, majority-owned by
Tengelmann Group, a German retailing group, said net fell to
$16.1 million, or 42 cents a share, from $31.6 million, or 83
cents a share, a year earlier. Sales fell 1% to $2.74 billion
from $2.77 billion. The recent quarter was 13 weeks and the
1990 quarter was 12 weeks.
   Earnings for the 53-week year were $70.7 million, or $1.85
a share, compared with $151 million, or $3.95 a share, for
the 52-week fiscal 1991. Sales were up nearly 2% to $11.59
billion.
   Although low consumer confidence continued to affect sales
in the fourth quarter, AP was able to halt the rate of
earnings declines that began in the year-earlier fourth
quarter. "Competitive activity is still very strong, but the
pressure on margins was less than it was in the third
quarter," said James Wood, chairman, president and chief
executive officer. A spokesman noted that third-quarter
earnings were down 88% and that the latest quarter's 42 cents
a share was at the high end of expectations.
   Mr. Wood said the company's strategy through the year was
to maintain market share and control costs. He said store
modernization remains a major program, with planned
investment of more than $1 billion over the next three years
in new stores, remodelings and expansions.
   AP operates more than 1,200 stores in 23 states, the
District of Columbia and Ontario, Canada, under its own and
various other names.