Technology:
   Dell to Pay Compaq,
   Settling Ad Dispute,
   Unveils 3 Computers
Although not admitting any wrongdoing, Dell, based in
Austin, Texas, said it agreed to the entry of consent decrees
in the U.S. and United Kingdom "prohibiting violation of
applicable laws in any future Dell advertising that refers to
Compaq."
   Compaq, based in Houston, filed lawsuits in Houston
federal court and in London, accusing its smaller competitor
of false and misleading advertising.
   A U.K. judge last March issued a temporary restraining
order forcing Dell to revise its ads pending a full trial.
The judge found that Dell's ads often compared lesser Dell
machines to Compaq's more capable models but failed to note
the difference.
   Separately, Dell announced an entry-level desktop computer
built around Intel Corp.'s new 25-megahertz 386SX
microprocessor. The machine, known as the Dell System 325SX,
sells for $1,249, including two megabytes of memory, a
50-megabyte hard drive, a diskette drive and a VGA monochrome
monitor. Compaq's most closely comparable model, based on
Intel's slightly slower 20-megahertz 386SX chip and with 40
megabytes of storage, retails for between $1,499 and $1,599
and doesn't include a monitor.
   Dell also announced two 486SX-based systems that run at 16
megahertz and include expansion slots for upgrades, with
starting prices ranging from $1,649 to $1,899.