New Securities Issues
El Paso Natural Gas Co. -- $575 million, three-part issue
of notes and debentures. The first part, consisting of $100
million in notes, due Jan. 15, 1997, was priced at par to
yield 6.90%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of
95 basis points over the yield on the Treasury's five-year
note. The second part, consisting of $215 million in notes,
due Jan. 15, 2002, was priced as 7 3/4% at 99.75 to yield
7.786%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 105
basis points over the yield on the Treasury's 10-year note.
The third part, consisting of $260 million in debentures, due
Jan. 15, 2022, was priced as 8 5/8% at 99.325 to yield
8.689%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 130
basis points over the yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond.
Rated Baa-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
single-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Bankers Trust New York Corp. -- $300 million of notes, due
Jan. 16, 1995, priced as 5 1/4% at 99.808 to yield 5.32%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 35 basis points
over the yield on the Treasury's three-year notes. Rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   ITT Financial Corp. -- $200 million of notes, due Jan. 15,
1997, priced as 7% at 99.75 to yield 7.06%. The noncallable
notes were priced at a spread of 112 basis points above the
Treasury's five-year note. Rated single-A-2 by Moody's and
single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by First Boston Corp. ITT Financial is a unit of ITT
Corp.
   J.P. Morgan  Co. -- $200 million of subordinated notes,
due Jan. 15, 2002, priced as 7 1/4% at 99.901 to yield
7.264%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 53
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
double-A-2 by Moody's and double-A-plus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   Merck  Co. -- $100 million of medium-term notes, due Jan.
15, 1997, priced as 6% at 99.435 to yield 6.13%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 20 basis points
above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated triple-A by both
Moody's and SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
at Goldman, Sachs  Co.
                                                                                                       

                          MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Charleston, S.C. -- $198 million of waterworks and sewer
system refunding and capital improvement revenue bonds,
Series 1992, due Jan. 1, 1993-2008, 2012, 2016, 2018 and
2022, tentatively priced by a Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette
Securities Corp. group to yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.32%
in 2018. Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield
from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.15% in 2007 and 2008. There are $34.4
million term bonds priced as 6% at 96.84 to yield 6.28% in
2012. There are $25.7 million term bonds priced as 6% at
97.03 to yield 6.24% in 2016. There are $36.2 million term
bonds priced as 6% at 95.94 to yield 6.32% in 2018. There are
$28.1 million term bonds priced as 5% at 83.17 to yield 6.25%
in 2022. The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and
double-A-minus by SP. This excludes bonds maturing in 2016,
which are insured by Ambac Indemnity Corp. and are rated
triple-A by both Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                       MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Prudential Securities Inc. The offering, Series Gold 1203, is
backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 7 1/2% mortgage
securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million of Remic
securities offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The offering,
Series Gold 1202, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15year 7 1/2%
mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

                          AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corp. -- $420 million of
consolidated systemwide bonds, due Feb. 1, 1993, priced at
par to yield 3.90%. The offering is managed by Lehman
Brothers.
                                                                                                       

                          EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Peoples Energy Corp. -- 1.8 million common shares priced
at $26.50 a share through underwriters led by Smith Barney,
Harris Upham  Co.
                                                                                                       

                          EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   World Bank (supranational) -- $1.5 billion of global bonds
due Jan. 16, 2002, as 6 3/4% bonds, offered at an initial
fixed price of 99.071 via Merrill Lynch International Ltd.
and Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd. Yield 6.88%
(semiannual), spread of 0.15 point over the U.S. Treasury's
10-year note. Fees 0.325.
   Forte PLC (U.K.) -- $200 million of 5 3/8% Eurobonds due
Feb. 3, 1994, at an issue price of 100.805 via Goldman Sachs
International PLC. Reoffered at 99.93 to yield 5.41%
annually, a spread of 70 basis points above the comparable
Treasury issue. Fees 1 1/8.
   Nestle Holdings Inc. (Swiss parent) -- $200 million of 6
1/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 18, 1997, at an issue price of
101.025 via Swiss Bank Corp. Reoffered at 99.40 to yield
6.27% annually, a spread of 24 basis points above the
comparable Treasury issue. Fees 1 7/8.
   General Electric Capital Corp. (U.S. parent) -- 175
billion lira of 11 1/2% Eurobonds due Feb. 7, 1995, and
priced at 101.175 to yield 11.583% after fees via Paribas
Capital Markets. GE Capital is a unit of General Electric Co.
of the U.S. Fees 1 3/8.
   European Investment Bank (supranational) -- 500 million
marks of 8% bonds due Jan. 30, 2002, at 101 7/8 via
Commerzbank AG. Callable after eight years at par. Fees 1
3/4.
   General Electric Capital Corp. (U.S. parent) -- 250
million marks of 8 1/4% bonds due Jan. 29, 1997, at 102.30 to
yield 7.68% via J.P. Morgan G.m.b.H. Fees 2.
   Nationale Investeringsbank N.V. (Netherlands) -- 150
million guilders of 8 3/4% bonds due Feb. 10, 1997, priced at
100.90 to yield 8.52%, via Rabobank Nederland. Fixed-price
reoffer of 100.10 to yield 8.72%. Fees 1.
   European Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(supranational) -- 300 million Swedish krona of 10 1/2%
Eurobonds due Feb. 3, 1997, at issue price 101.60 via Svenska
Handelsbanken (London branch). Yield 10.51% (annual) after
discounting full fees of 1 5/8.
   Nestle Holding Inc. (Swiss parent) -- 300 million Swiss
francs of 6 3/4% public bonds due Feb. 25, 2002, priced at
102 via Credit Suisse. Maintenance agreement from Nestle
S.A., Switzerland. Fees 2 7/8.
   Region Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur (France) -- 75 million
Swiss francs of 7% privately placed notes due Feb. 5, 1999,
priced at 102 1/4 via Credit Suisse. Fees 1 3/4.
   Cie. Bancaire (France) -- One billion French francs of 9
1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 13, 1996, at an issue and reoffering
price of 99.68 via sole underwriter Banque Paribas. Yield
9.34% annually, a spread of 60 basis points above the
comparable government issue. Fees 0.275.