Morgan Stanley Plans
   To Offer Security Tied
   To Technology Issues
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Each STEP entitles the holder to a share of the trust,
which will hold a portfolio of technology stocks designed to
match the Amex index. The portfolio will be static, and will
change only if the composition of the index changes. The
trust will terminate roughly three years from the issue of
the STEP units.
   The trust will sell a call option on the stock portfolio,
giving the option holder the right to buy the portfolio at a
set price three years hence. The option limits the potential
capital gain on the trust's portfolio. Investment bankers
close to the deal suggest that the call price will be 30% or
more above the portfolio value when the STEPs are issued.
   With the money raised from the sale of the call option,
the trust will buy Treasury securities. STEP holders will
receive the interest income from the Treasurys along with the
dividends from the stocks in the trust's portfolio. The yield
of the Treasury-enriched trust should rival that of some
steady-income stocks such as utility shares, investment
bankers say. Shortly after expiration of the call option, the
assets of the trust will be liquidated and the proceeds
distributed to STEP holders.
   If the portfolio value is less than when the STEPs were
issued, holders will lose proportionately. They will gain,
however, if the portfolio has risen, up to the cap set by the
call option. The STEPs will trade on the American Stock
Exchange.