Technology:
   Planetary System
   Was Found, Now
   Is Lost in Space
   ---
   U.K. Scientists Admit Error;
   Journal Nature Asserts
   Science Has `Ups, Downs'
   ----
   By Laurence Hooper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Just last week, Nature published a second report of a
neutron star with a planetary system, discovered by an
American team -- a finding that will now have to be
re-examined carefully. Both the U.K. scientists and Nature
expressed hope that the U.S. result would withstand scrutiny,
however. And Nature noted that it wouldn't be the first time
a false result has subsequently inspired a real discovery.
   "The world at large should understand that such ups and
downs are inseparable from science," Nature said.
   In their letter, the scientists said data they had
interpreted as evidence of a planet -- a variation in radio
signals received at Jodrell Bank from the neutron star, a
collapsed and rapidly pulsating star -- were in fact caused
by an error in figuring the star's initial position, combined
with the effect of the Earth's non-circular orbit around the
Sun. Once better information was entered into their computer
program, they said, the evidence for a planet disappeared.
   In an editorial, Nature said the error "will occasion
great disappointment to all kinds of people," but it praised
the scientists for their forthrightness in admitting the
mistake and for describing clearly how it had happened.
   Although the initial report of a planet orbiting a neutron
star seemed rather counterintuitive (it's hard to imagine how
a planet would survive a star's explosion and collapse), the
information was quickly accepted because of the high
reputation of the scientists and of Nature itself. And over
following months, astronomers came up with several theories
that might explain the planet's presence.