Chambers Sees
   Per-Share Profit
   Of 20 to 24 Cents
   ---
   For Fourth Quarter, Sales
   Are Expected to Show
   Increase of About 25%
   ----
   By Dana Milbank
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The projected fourth-quarter results -- which are in line
with analysts' expectations -- would give the nation's fourth
largest waste management concern profit of 81 to 85 cents a
share for 1991. In 1990, Chambers earned $34.4 million, or 63
cents a share, on sales of $258.2 million. Mr. Rangos said
Chambers expects sales, which were about $320 million in
1991, to reach $500 million this year.
   Chambers, which has been operating 17 landfills, has seven
others that it recently opened or will open this year. They
cover 450 acres in Maryland, 2,500 acres in Florida, 1,000
acres in Virginia, 2,000 acres in Ohio, 400 acres in
Mississippi, 450 acres in Tennessee and 60 acres in Georgia.
Mr. Rangos said Chambers is studying about 18 other sites and
could open up to 50 landfills in the next six years.
   Mr. Rangos said Chambers has received acquisition offers
from other waste management concerns, but he said his family,
which owns more than 70% of Chambers stock, objects to a
sale. However, he said, "There's going to be more of a
consolidation, even in the public companies," and Chambers is
"constantly analyzing large and small acquisitions."
   Rapidly growing Chambers expects to benefit from stricter
regulation of landfills, Mr. Rangos said, because high
investment expenses for environmental safeguards and costly
liability risks hinder newcomers from entering the business.
   Stricter regulations have also raised Chambers's costs,
though. The company, which had expected capital expenditures
to be $120 million to $150 million in 1991, actually spent
about $250 million. Much of the increase came from the cost
of expanding Pennsylvania landfills in a manner that complies
with new state regulations, he said. (The new double-layer
synthetic lining that Chambers uses for most landfills costs
about $500,000 an acre.) The company plans to reduce outlays
to between $180 million and $200 million in 1992.
   Chambers's debt, which is now at 35% of capital, won't
exceed 50%, chief financial officer Richard A. Knight said.
He said the company has no plans to pay a dividend or to
issue more common.
   Chambers, which handles non-hazardous industrial and
residential waste, said it currently operates 10 waste
transfer stations and is developing 11 others. The stations
move trash from garbage trucks onto larger trucks or rail
cars. Mr. Rangos said Chambers hopes to benefit from a rail
transport system it patented in 1991 that he says can carry
more than rivals' systems with less odor and leakage. The
system, which includes hundreds of rail cars and now
transports 900 of Chambers's 15,000 tons of waste daily, is
expected to carry about 3,000 tons a day by the end of 1992.
   Revenue at Chambers's Security Bureau Inc. unit rose to
about $70 million in 1991 from $44.1 million. However, profit
margins remain at about 1% of revenue, and Chambers expects
no more than 2% to 3% margins in the future. Chambers, which
is now the ninth largest security company in the U.S., has no
plans to leave the business, Mr. Rangos said.