CMS Energy's Unit
   Settles With Agency
   Over Price Disputes
According to the agreement, Consumers Power will pay 3.77
cents a kilowatt hour to the cogeneration venture for
electric power instead of the 4.15 cents a kilowatt hour that
Consumers Power agreed to pay under an earlier contract.
   According to the Association of Businesses Advocating
Tariff Equity, a group also involved in the agreement,
Consumers Power will refund $75 million to customers within a
year. That refund will cover the higher rates Consumers Power
users paid because the utility bought power from the
cogeneration venture at higher prices.
   The agreement also reduces the total power that Consumers
Power can purchase from the cogeneration venture to 1,053
megawatts from 1,240 megawatts. Consumers Power will be able
to purchase the remaining 187 megawatts from the cogeneration
venture only if it is the most competitive source.
Cogeneration is the process of producing two useful forms of
energy, usually heat and electricity, from the same fuel
source.
   Consumers Power agreed to not seek a rate hike for one
year. But the agreement allows the utility to receive a
revenue increase of as much as $20 million at the end of the
year to reflect changes in its rate base and its equity ratio
caused by debt reduction in 1991 and 1992.