World Markets:
   Further Power Expected for Hong Kong's Runup,
   Buoyed by Hefty Profits, Favorable China Signals
   ----
   By Stephen F. Stine
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Bullish local and overseas investors have pushed the
market up 14% from the start of the year, well ahead of even
the most optimistic forecasts. Indeed, analysts in early
January were predicting a full-year gain in the Hang Seng
Index of about 20%, enviable by world standards but slower
than the barometer's 42% rise last year.
   Propelling the market are recent signs that reformers are
setting the agenda in China. Market players took heart
recently following Chinese paramount leader Deng Xiaoping's
trip to the booming southern province of Guangdong. In
particular, his side trip to the Shenzhen special economic
zone adjacent to Hong Kong was deemed a reaffirmation of
Beijing's commitment to economic reform.
   Investor confidence was bolstered again when the official
People's Daily ran an essay on its front page advocating the
use of capitalist models to restructure the Chinese economy.
Analysts said this was the strongest indication yet that
Beijing's reformers are winning out over Communist
hard-liners.
   "The perception in recent weeks is that Hong Kong's
political risk has narrowed," said Gary Coull, managing
director of Credit Lyonnais Securities Asia. But he warned
that anyone who believes that renewed leniency in China
guarantees economic gains in Hong Kong "is sorely mistaken."
   To be sure, analysts said that if the Hong Kong stock
market's rally were based solely on commentary emanating from
China, they would have reason to worry. But there is a more
concrete reason for investor euphoria: Preliminary reports
indicate that 1991 was an unexpectedly good year for Hong
Kong companies.
   Improved results from overseas subsidiaries of Hongkong 
Shanghai Banking buoyed forecasts for the parent company's
1991 results. Russell Young, senior corporate analyst for
Daiwa Institute of Research, said he believes that Hongkong
Bank will report this week that its 1991 profit increased 77%
from a year earlier.
   Corporate-earnings improvements have surprised those
analysts who had expected results to be hurt by the effect of
slowdowns and recessions in the economies of the colony's
chief trading partners. "The only possible explanation is
that Hong Kong companies have increased their overseas market
share, selling successfully into a lousy economic
environment," said Bill Ebsworth, chief investment officer
for Fidelity Investments Management (H.K.) Ltd.
   Among overseas investors, analysts said, U.S. and European
fund managers have been major buyers in recent weeks. "Fund
managers are looking at Hong Kong as an investment
alternative to Japan," said Juro Mayuzumi, manager of Asian
equities for Daiwa Institute of Research.
   Hong Kong shares are "the only game in Asia right now,"
said Marc Faber, managing director of the investment firm
Marc Faber Ltd. But he is more pessimistic than most, and
believes the market is due for a correction. "People are
wildly optimistic," he said. "They don't realize everything
could change very suddenly."
   Few analysts discounted the possibility of a correction,
but many predicted that any retreat would be short-lived.
"The market will continue its run, but any bad news that
comes, however mild, will be used as an excuse to sell,"
Daiwa's Mr. Young said.
   ---
   World Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices Friday finished mixed in Tokyo and weaker in
London.
   In Tokyo, the Nikkei 225-stock index, which lost 241.00
points Thursday, rose 128.57 to 20992.99.
   On Monday, the Nikkei index fell 172.97 points to close
the morning session at 20820.02.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which fell 13.49 points Thursday,
declined 3.28 points to 1520.45. Trading again was light.
First-section volume was estimated at 250 million shares,
down from 318.8 million shares Thursday. Losers outpaced
gainers, 495455, and 161 issues ended unchanged.
   Stocks related to public spending rose on the Japanese
government's decision to place early orders for public works
to stimulate the economy. Meanwhile, the central bank's
quarterly survey of business sentiment largely conformed to
market expectations and didn't cause any waves in the stock
market.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index dropped 5.2 points to 2533.1. The FT 30-stock index
fell 2.0 points to 1968.6. Volume shrank to 538.4 million
shares from 608.4 million shares a day earlier.
   London's session was stagnant, as most investors stayed
sidelined ahead of Tuesday's presentation of the British
government's budget to Parliament. Moreover, Friday was the
final day of the two-week trading account, and investors
weren't inclined to take fresh positions, as they also
anticipated a base lending-rate cut this week and the
announcement of Britain's general election date.
   In Frankfurt, share prices retreated across the board as
the market continued to consolidate recent gains. The DAX
30stock index gave up 18.85 points, or 1.1%, to 1745.95. The
German bourse was pressured by stocks' weakness in New York,
Tokyo and London. Activity was thin, as many investors were
unwilling to expand positions ahead of the weekend and before
the U.S. announced unemployment data after Frankfurt's close.
Moreover, rising western German state inflation for
mid-February jarred the stock market, which already was
concerned that German interest rates wouldn't ease soon
because of stubbornly high inflation.
   Stockholm shares bucked the downward trend on bourses
world-wide, advancing in heavy trading to close higher for
the eighth consecutive session.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                 % This
                                 Mar 5    Mar 4    Year
                                                                                                       


   Britain .................     756.5    761.9   + 2.6
   Canada ..................     400.6    405.3   + 1.2
   Japan ...................     876.6    885.2   -11.4
   France ..................     557.5    560.4   +11.4
   Germany .................     271.9    271.9   +11.7
   Hong Kong ...............    3649.4   3645.9   +17.9
   Switzerland .............     226.1    227.3   +10.3
   Australia ...............     343.5    344.9   - 2.2
   World index .............     502.0    507.6   - 6.2