Technology  Medicine:
   GE Reports
   New Laser Beam
   Has More Power
   ----
   By Jerry E. Bishop
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Powerful beams of green light have been produced
previously, but by gas lasers, explained Michael H.
McLaughlin, manager of laser technology at GE's big research
and development center here. Solid-state lasers have the
advantage of being smaller and more compact and thus more
amenable to various applications. But until now, beams of
green light from solid-state lasers have been relatively weak
and there have been some questions of whether it is possible
to use the frequency-doubling trick to produce high-powered
beams of light from solid-state lasers.
   To get a powerful beam of green light, the GE researchers
said they started with a 16-watt beam of invisible infrared
light from a solid-state laser. The beam was fed into a
so-called face-pumped laser that pumped up the power of the
beam to 92 watts.
   In the next step, the 92-watt beam was focused on a
crystal of lithium triborate which doubled the frequency of
part of the beam, jumping it into the green part of the light
spectrum from the infrared. The power of the green beam was
52 watts, or twice as powerful as green beams previously
produced by solid-state lasers, GE said. Moreover, the green
beam was of "good quality," meaning it tended to stay narrow
and steady.
   Green light is easily absorbed by certain plastic
composites and thus the more powerful beam might be useful in
machining such composites, the company said. Green light also
passes easily through seawater and thus such lasers might be
useful for submarine communications.
   "With additional frequency conversions, we can shift the
green beam to wavelengths in the ultraviolet and deep
ultraviolet regions useful for laser surgery and other
medical applications while retaining substantial average
power," Mr. McLaughlin said.