World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Skid as Profit-Taking Intensifies
   Bearishness; Prices Rise in London, Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Wednesday, the Nikkei index edged up 9.02 points to
close the morning session at 21060.73.
   Tuesday's first-section volume was estimated at 240
million shares, up from 217.9 million on Monday.Losers
swamped gainers, 742-207, and 179 issues ended unchanged.The
Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first-section issues, which
gained 6.58 points Monday, skidded 18.64, or 1.19%, to
1542.43.
   Tokyo market sentiment had recovered somewhat in the past
week, helped by reduced selling pressure and an increase in
selective buying by dealers and individuals. The Nikkei
climbed as high as 21529.61 early in Tuesday's session,
encouraged by a spread between the March and June futures
contracts that was wide enough to prompt the rollover of
positions to June from March. Rollovers reduced selling
pressure from the unwinding of March contracts before the
special quotation for March Nikkei futures on March 13. But
the Nikkei's rise to 21500 triggered profit-taking by
short-term corporate funds and some financial institutions.
   Futures prices fell sharply from the intraday high,
prompting arbitrage selling of stocks, which contributed to
the Nikkei's sharp decline in the afternoon session. As
blue-chips lost ground under selling by corporations and some
institutions, individual investors, who were hunting for
attractive shares in the morning, went to the sidelines. The
market also was discouraged by waning expectations for a
discount-rate cut after Japan's central bank releases its
quarterly survey of business sentiment Friday. In the
volatility, many blue-chips such as high-technology, consumer
electronics, financial and auto issues tested their lows for
the year.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index rose 11.1 points to 2565.4, though on small volume. The
FT 30-stock index gained 5.8 to 1987.0. Volume was 523.2
million shares, compared with 438.6 million a day earlier.
   The London market also got a push from early gains on Wall
Street, though the upward momentum could be fleeting ahead of
next Tuesday's British budget announcement for fiscal 1993
and national elections that are widely expected for April. In
the absence of larger economic indicators, many operators
were focusing on 1991 corporate results and paying scant
attention to broader market trends. Composite insurance
stocks were among the day's most consistent gainers, partly
from short-covering by market makers who were oversold after
losses posted last week by big insurers.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 15.44 points to
1763.31, a high for this year. The gains were paced by
domestic stock buying, mainly by cash-heavy German
institutions. Some investors were surprised by stocks'
advances, as the market had little price-moving news.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Amsterdam stocks gained on a firmer
dollar and Wall Street's higher opening. Brussels shares
continued their weeklong rally, though on slightly lower
volume and smaller price advances, signaling the surge was
slowing. Stockholm equities registered solid gains for the
second day in a row on lower Swedish interest rates and the
stronger dollar. Zurich stocks were boosted by Frankfurt's
strong performance and capital restructurings at several
Swiss companies.
   Among big exchanges in Asia and the Pacific, Sydney stocks
fell after futures-related selling pared early gains. Hong
Kong stocks dropped as profit-taking trimmed gains
accumulated in a five-session rally. In Singapore, last
week's economic growth figures triggered a sell-off, and
stocks dropped. Taipei equities were knocked down by the
financial sector on a report that Taiwan would sell a
substantial part of its bank stocks in the next few months.
   Among corporate developments, in London, General Accident
jumped 18 pence, or 4.1%, to 455 pence ($7.98). In line with
market expectations, the Scottish general insurer's 1991
pretax loss widened to #171.6 million ($300.8 million) from a
year-earlier deficit of #121.4 million. The company blamed
recession-related fraud and arson and theft claims for a
#341.9 million underwriting loss in Britain. General
Accident, as expected, left its full-year dividend unchanged
at 26.75 pence a share. Fisons dropped 9, or 2.3%, to 384.
The pharmaceutical company's 1991 pretax profit fell 17% to
#190.5 million, at the top end of market expectations. Fisons
warned in November that a voluntary suspension of two of the
company's big-selling drugs in the U.S. because of
quality-control problems in Britain would lop about #65
million off annual pretax profit. Fisons boosted its
full-year dividend 16% to 8.7 pence a share. Wellcome lost
41, or 3.8%, to #10.25 ($17.97), continuing its fall in the
wake of Monday's news that the pharmaceutical company's main
shareholder may try to sell as much as 50% of Wellcome
through an international offering. Abbey National fell 11, or
3.6%, to 292, on profit-taking. The bank, which is primarily
a mortgage lender, reported 1991 pretax profit rose 6.2% to
#618 million. The results, which met market forecasts, were
curbed by #155 million in loan-loss provisions. The dividend
was increased 11% to 10.5 pence a share. British Aerospace
rose 2 to 327 on news that it received a #570 million
contract from the British government to supply advanced
short-range air-to-air missiles to the Royal Air Force.
   In Paris, Alcatel Alsthom climbed 12 French francs, or 2%,
to 620 francs ($111.08). The energy, transportation and
telecommunications conglomerate said it and ITT agreed that
Alcatel Alsthom will acquire the U.S. company's 30% stake in
the Alcatel N.V. telecommunications unit of the French firm,
in a transaction valued at about $3.6 billion. ITT will
receive 1.9 billion European currency units and new Alcatel
Alsthom shares representing a 7% holding that ITT must hold
at least five years.
   LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton rose 19 to 4,655. The
luxury goods and spirits concern said it has raised 1.1
billion francs ($197.1 million) of equity capital through a
placement of perpetual subordinated bonds. Proceeds are to
refinance part of LVMH's maturing long-term debt as well as
short-term debt that was used to finance acquisitions last
year. LVMH's debt now totals about 15 billion francs.
   ---
   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                   Mar 2    Feb 28     Year

 U.S. ...........................  386.3     386.2    - 1.0
 Britain ........................  760.1     761.5    + 3.1
 Canada .........................  404.6     405.1    + 2.2
 Japan ..........................  899.2     893.7    - 9.1
 France .........................  557.5     558.5   + 11.4
 Germany ........................  269.5     269.7   + 10.8
 Hong Kong ...................... 3629.3    3625.9   + 17.2
 Switzerland ....................  226.1     226.3   + 10.3
 Australia ......................  347.5     345.1    - 1.1
 World index ....................  515.2     514.4    - 3.8