What's News --
   Business and Finance
Producer prices edged up 0.2% last month, suggesting
inflation is under control. Separately, inventories fell 0.4%
in January, in a bullish sign for producers. But sales of
U.S.-made cars stayed weak in early March despite a 22% surge
in sales of light trucks, vans and off-road vehicles.
   ---
   The Senate voted 50-47 to pass a tax-cut bill that would
be paid for by higher taxes on upper-income people. The
narrow margin, like one on a similar House bill, makes clear
that Congress won't override a likely veto. But some
provisions may be revived later this year in a compromise
with Bush.
   ---
   Citicorp intends to sell $150 million in preferred shares
to the public this week to strengthen the bank's capital. The
plan prompted Standard  Poor's to lower its rating on the
stock to the bottom rung of investment grade.
   ---
   General Motors' debt was downgraded by SP, which
questioned the prospects for recovery by the car maker's
North American operations. The rating firm kept the
commercial paper issued by GM's finance unit under review for
possible downgrading.
   ---
   Stocks rallied but bond prices continued to decline
despite a positive report on inflation. The Dow Jones
industrials rose 27.28 points to 3235.91. Long-term Treasury
bonds finished 1/4 point lower after an early surge.
   ---
   Airlines scrapped a bid to raise fares aimed at
vacationers by 2%, amid complaints by travelers that ticket
prices are already too high.
   ---
   Homestake Mining agreed to acquire rival gold mining
company International Corona for $395 million in stock.
Corona shares jumped 75 cents, or 21%, to $4.25. Homestake's
stock sank $1.50, or 10%, to $13.50.
   ---
   Equitable projected its shares will have a market value of
about $2.4 billion after it converts from mutual to stock
ownership later this year.
   ---
   Lonrho's debt rating was cut by Moody's to below
investment grade. The move sent the British conglomerate's
shares plunging in London.
   ---
   Porsche's pretax profit plunged 97% in the latest six
months and the German luxury sports car maker held out little
hope for an upturn soon.
   ---
   RJR plans to sell a new cigarette called Winston Select,
with a milder flavor than in regular Winstons.
   ---
   Tenneco named International Paper's Dana Mead chief
operating officer, in the first major personnel move by
Tenneco chief Michael Walsh.
   ---
   Rockwell backed away from an optimistic earnings forecast,
saying it now expects 1992 per-share profit to fall 15%
before a one-time charge.
   ---
   America West Airlines plans to file a reorganization
proposal that would give ownership of the company to its
unsecured creditors, wiping out its common and preferred
stockholders.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 176,000,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3235.91, up 27.28; transportation 1400.78, up 7.66; utilities
203.30, off 1.13.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4124.61, off 17.55.
   Commodities: Oil $19.18 a barrel, up 35 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.27, up 0.23; spot index 118.11, off 0.08.
   Dollar: 133.67 yen, off 0.53; 1.6695 marks, unchanged.