Morgan Stanley
   Earnings Surge;
   Dividend Boosted
   ----
   By Michael Siconolfi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But analysts say the company will have a tough time
matching the exceptional results this year, as trading
revenue probably will slip. Morgan Stanley's profit will fall
to $5.25 a share this year, down 11% from 1991, predicts
Lawrence Eckenfelder, a brokerage analyst at Prudential
Securities Inc., in a recent report.
   Still, the 1991 results are a clear sign that Morgan
Stanley can remain highly profitable even when its core
investment-banking business is squeezed by the continued
slump in the mergers business. And with its announcement,
Morgan Stanley became the biggest investment bank to post
record profit in a season of surprisingly strong results
among Wall Street securities firms. Merrill Lynch  Co. is
expected to report strong profit as early as today.
   Morgan Stanley reported fourth-quarter net of $132.3
million, or $1.61 a share, sharply higher than the $58.3
million, or 71 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue jumped
21% to $1.79 billion from $1.48 billion. Boosted by a surge
in stock and bond underwriting, investment-banking revenue in
the fourth quarter jumped 72% to $252.4 million. Revenue from
principal trading, in which the firm puts its own money on
the line for itself and clients, increased 39% to $246.3
million.
   For the full year, Morgan Stanley's net of $475.1 million,
or $5.93 a share, was 76% higher than the $270.4 million, or
$3.37 a share, in 1990. The 1991 annual earnings eclipsed the
firm's previous profit record of $443 million, set in 1989.
Revenue for 1991 jumped 16% to $6.79 billion from $5.87
billion in 1990.
   For the second consecutive year, Morgan Stanley's trading
revenue eclipsed that from investment banking. For 1991,
principal trading revenue surged 46% to $1.32 billion.
Investment-banking revenue shot up 26% to $823.5 million.
   Morgan Stanley's sales and trading operations posted
record revenue in the bond, stock, foreign exchange and
commodities areas, the firm said. Investment-banking revenue
was bolstered by a big jump in underwriting new stock and
bond issues, offsetting slumps in the mergers-and-acquisition
and real-estate advisory businesses.
   Morgan Stanley made big gains in the underwriting-fee
standings during 1991, jumping to No. 3, with disclosed fees
of $480 million, from No. 6, with fees of $141 million, in
1990, according to Securities Data Co.
   Morgan shares closed Friday at $63, off 62.5 cents, in New
York Stock Exchange composite trading.