What's News --
   Business and Finance
Citicorp adopted sweeping loan guidelines designed to
limit how much the banking giant can lend to any one industry
and to make its assessment of borrowers more uniform. The
standards, though said to be flexible, could make it harder
for some Citicorp customers to get new loans.
   ---
   Volvo agreed to be acquired by Swedish drug company
Procordia, a longtime affiliate of the struggling auto
manufacturer, in a transaction that values Volvo at $6.63
billion. But the proposal could face opposition from the
Swedish government, which holds a 42.7% stake in Procordia.
   ---
   The Big Three U.S. car makers and most of the Japanese
auto factories in the U.S. reduced their auto production
plans for the first quarter, indicating they don't expect a
recovery in sales before this summer.
   ---
   Hoffmann-La Roche plans to ease licensing curbs on a
technology that could play a big role in the development of
low-cost genetic tests. The shift came amid pressure from
scientists and concern in Congress.
   ---
   Top economic officials from seven major industrial nations
failed to agree to take action on interest rates or exchange
rates to spur growth.
   ---
   CrossLand was seized by the FDIC, which injected $1.2
billion into the ailing New York thrift after rejecting two
bids to buy the company. The FDIC said selling CrossLand now
would have cost the agency more.
   ---
   Mexico's government sold a 51% stake in Banca Serfin, the
nation's third-largest bank, for about $940 million to an
investor group led by glass industrialist Adrian Sada
Gonzalez.
   ---
   Pfizer said it is prepared to spend more than $500 million
to settle all claims stemming from defects in the company's
heart valve. As a result, Pfizer's fourth-period profit
plunged.
   ---
   Prudential Insurance's financial-strength rating was
lowered by Moody's, which cited the insurer's exposure to
weak real estate markets and leveraged buy-out securities.
   ---
   L.A. Gear founder Robert Greenberg was removed as chairman
and chief executive before the sneaker maker shifts its
marketing strategy.
   ---
   Short interest declined 5.3% among over-the-counter stocks
in the period that ended in mid-January.
   ---
   Chevron's profit tumbled 94% in the fourth quarter because
of a restructuring charge. Earnings were down 28% at Exxon
and 38% at Mobil.
   ---
   Machine tool orders surged 46% in December, spurred by
lower interest rates and the expectation of tax breaks for
capital investments.
   ---
   Interco proposed a reorganization plan that would make an
investment fund led by former Drexel executive Leon Black the
biggest shareholder of the furniture and shoe company.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 213,600,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3232.78, up 6.04; transportation 1362.29, off 22.43;
utilities 214.07, up 0.56.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4227.83, up 2.60.
   Commodities: Oil $19.00 a barrel, up 28 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.98, off 0.09; spot index 115.11, up 0.06.
   Dollar: 123.50 yen, off 0.30; 1.5950 marks, off 0.0110.