Credit Ratings
FIRST FIDELITY Bancorp. -- Moody's Investors Service Inc.
raised the long-term debt ratings of this bank holding
company, based in Newark, N.J., and its subsidiaries, citing
improved reserve levels, cost reduction efforts, acceptable
core profit margin and new capital injection. About $830
million in securities are affected. The subordinated debt
rating was raised to Baa-2 from Baa-3, the shelf registration
for senior debt was raised to (P)Baa-1 from (P)Baa-2, and
preferred stock to Baa-2 from Baa-3. The senior and
subordinated debt ratings for its First Fidelity Inc. and
Fidelcor Inc. units were similarly upgraded, to Baa-1 from
Baa-2 and Baa-2 from Baa-3, respectively.
   ---
   SANWA BANK Ltd. (Osaka, Japan) -- Moody's Investors
Service Inc. lowered its ratings on long-term debt for the
bank and guaranteed subsidiaries to double-A-3 from
double-A-1. About $2.2 billion of debt is affected. Moody's
said the downgrade reflected concerns regarding asset quality
and contingent risks associated with affiliates. It said the
bank's domestic and international loan portfolios, especially
real estate-related exposures, have significant concentration
risk, leaving the bank vulnerable to further asset quality
deterioration.