REVIEW  OUTLOOK (Editorial):
   The Democrats' Agenda
The Bush administration then proposed some small-scale
choice demonstration projects. The Democrats were aghast. We
can't have the federal government supporting anything like
this, bellowed Senator Kennedy last week. This would
"abandon" those wonderful inner-city public schools. "We are
not going to say that we are going to privatize every school
district in this country as some would." What with U.S.
inner-city education being the envy of the world, especially
in Boston.
   School choice will go forward at the local and state
levels without the congressional Democrats. But any nominee
that the Democrats hope to elect President will have to do
business with the Democratic Congress. And the nominee will
know that in 1988 one-third of the delegates to the
Democratic convention were either a member of, or were
married to a member of, the National Education Association,
the big public-employees' union for whom the word "private"
is like poison.
   For now, the Democratic Party's "fairness" agenda includes
inalterable opposition to letting poor parents transfer tax
money so they can send their children to a nonpublic school
of their own choosing. At some future debate, the Democratic
candidates should be asked if they support or oppose the
congressional Democratic agenda on parental choice.