Letters to the Editor:
   Tax-Law Change Courts Disaster
To raise these points is not, as Mr. Ferguson suggests, to
play on the fears of homeowners. It is to raise a substantive
objection to a proposal that would hurt our economy at a
critical time.
   Mr. Ferguson suggests this harm could be lessened by
adopting a "transition" period before the home-mortgage
deduction is eliminated. But from the date of enactment of a
new law eliminating the home-mortgage deduction, whether at
once or over a period of transition, the present value of a
home will decline, anticipating the eventual phase-out of the
deductibility of home-mortgage payments. And from that fact
follows the immediate harm to the financial industry, and the
prolonging of the current recession.
   There are additional reasons to oppose the removal of the
home-mortgage deduction. Removing it will lower the equity
every current homeowner has in his home. Fewer Americans
would be able to buy homes: 75% of all homeowners say they
would not have been able to buy the home they have were it
not for the home-mortgage deduction. And eliminating the
deduction will also make it very hard for some people to meet
the mortgage payments they pay at present.
   Such dramatic changes of the tax laws, so as to
fundamentally affect investments made under a prior
assumption, are damaging to economic efficiency. One of the
most harmful things we do in our economy is to change the tax
laws, with retroactive effects, disrupting settled
expectations about investment decisions.
   Rep. Tom Campbell (R., Calif.)
   Washington