GM Mulls Matching
   Certain Incentives
   Made by Suppliers
The offer also applies to all vehicles built in Japan and
South Korea that GM sells under its GEO label. "This is a
`buy General Motors' initiative," she said. The offer will be
in effect for 90 days and apply to cars that buyers take
delivery on by June 4.
   The company gave only a few details of the program
yesterday. But GM did say the supplier would be chiefly
responsible for administering the program by paying the
combined incentives to their employees. GM then would
reimburse the supplier for its portion. Those incentives will
come in addition to any other cash incentives that GM's
marketing divisions offer with the sale of their vehicles.
   GM said it will negotiate with its suppliers individually
to determine what amounts of their employee incentives GM
will match. GM gives its own employees and their family
members deep discounts on its vehicles that range from 5% to
more than 20% of the purchase price of a vehicle.
   Monsanto Corp., for example, recently said it would pay
$1,000 to any of its employees who bought a vehicle that is
assembled in North America. GM said it hasn't yet negotiated
with Monsanto officials about a matching program, but the GM
spokeswoman indicated GM might be willing to match the offer
with respect to GM vehicles.
   GM said it already has notified its suppliers and many are
interested in participating in the program. "We expect quite
a deal of participation," the spokeswoman said.