International:
   Cuba Opens New Year
   With a Bevy of Cuts
   In Services, Products
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The number of bus routes in Havana will be cut to 114, 48
fewer than at present. In the outskirts of the capital, buses
will be "hauled by tractors, beasts of burden and other
means," the Communist Party daily Granma reported. The report
said bus routes would be designed "with the idea that the
people will come to the buses, not vice versa, without having
to walk more than 1,500 meters" or nearly a mile.
   In addition, authorities introduced a plan to cut national
electricity consumption by 12% to cope with a chronic energy
crisis caused by a shortage of imported oil. The cut is
effective immediately and applicable to both private homes
and the state sector. Cuban households had already been asked
in 1991 to reduce their electricity consumption 10%.
Offenders who exceeded their allotted limit were warned and
in some cases had their supply cut off for several days.
   Along those lines, Granma announced that there will be
fewer showings at Havana movie theaters, and said programming
on Cuban television likewise will be cut back.
   Meanwhile, new rationing cards for 1992 have been handed
out with spaces for a long list of consumer items-bread,
vegetables, meat, poultry, eggs, fish, milk, spices, coffee,
cigarettes and cigars, detergent, soap, toothpaste, sugar,
matches, cooking gas, kerosene and coal.