Communications Managers
   Discuss Impact of Outages
Panel members didn't indicate what they will recommend;
many expressed concerns that problems have been overstated,
saying that U.S. networks remain the most dependable in the
world. Paul Henson, chairman of the council and former
chairman of United Telecommunications Inc., acknowledged
"some reliability problems" but said "media detractors"
exaggerate them.
   But Sam Ginn, chairman of San Francisco-based Pacific
Telesis Group, said that despite fewer outages, modern
network design and technology result in "enormous public
impact when we do have outages, and if you think about the
future, that is going to get worse."
   Bert Roberts, chief executive officer of MCI
Communications Corp., said many problems aren't high-tech.
"The number of fiber cuts is staggering," he said, adding
that neither state nor federal laws address the problem of
contractors and others who dig without first checking the
location of utility lines.
   The Network Reliability Council is directed to consider
whether stricter reporting requirements are needed,
especially for disruptions to public safety or health
communications, such as 911 service or airport
communications.