LEISURE  ARTS:
   Time Off: Diversions and Excursions Feb. 18-March 2
Nearly 150 still lifes -- paintings, drawings, sculptures
and collages -- dating from 1901 to 1972. The show and
catalog divide Picasso's works into six periods: early years;
analytical cubism; synthetic cubism; middle years, including
some of the artist's most beautiful still lifes, such as the
Guggenheim's "Mandolin and Guitar"; war years; and late
years, from 1946 onward.
   Cleveland Museum of Art: 11150 East Boulevard. Feb. 26-May
3. (216) 421-7340. The show then travels to the Philadelphia
Museum of Art (June 14-Aug. 23), and the Grand Palais in
Paris (Sept. 22-Dec. 31).
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                         New York
                    Motion and Document
                     Sequence and Time
                                                                                                       

   About 225 works by the 19th-century photographer Eadweard
Muybridge and many of the contemporary artists he inspired,
including William Wegman, Robert Mappelthorpe, Sol LeWitt,
Barry LeVa and Thomas Eakins. The show was organized by the
Addison Gallery of American Art at Phillips Academy, Andover,
Mass., which owns one of the country's largest collections of
Muybridge photographs. Highlights include rare photographs
from Muybridge's seminal studies of movement, "Animal
Locomotion" and "The Attitudes of Animals in Motion."
   International Center of Photography Midtown: 1133 Avenue
of the Americas (at 43rd Street). Feb. 21-April 26. (212)
768-4682.
                                                                                                       

                       San Francisco
         Imperial Austria: Treasures of Art, Arms
            and Armor From the State of Styria
                                                                                                       

   More than 250 works of art, arms and armor from the
16th-century Landeszeughaus armory and other museums in Graz,
Austria. The items, on view for the first time outside
Austria, range from rare prints and sculpture to medieval
swords, firearms and suits of armor.
   M.H. de Young Memorial Museum: Golden Gate Park. Feb.
22-May 17. (415) 863-3330. The exhibit then travels to the
IBM Gallery of Science and Art, New York (June 30-Aug. 22);
the International Gallery at the Smithsonian Institution,
Washington, D.C. (Oct. 3, 1992-Jan. 24, 1993); and the Museum
of Fine Arts, Houston (March 12, 1993-June 27, 1993).
                                                                                                       

                          Houston
              On the Edge of the Maya World:
             Stone Vases From the Ulua Valley
                                                                                                       

   Thirty-five travertine vases and 25 related objects from
this region of northwestern Honduras. The vases were carved
between A.D. 800 and A.D. 1000, and number among the only 90
examples of their kind extant today. Because of their
scarcity and the similarity in forms and motifs among the
vases, they are thought to have been made in a few workshops
over the course of two or three generations.
   Museum of Fine Arts, Houston: 1001 Bissonnet. Feb. 23-May
31. (713) 526-1361.
                                                                                                       

                         FESTIVAL
                                                                                                       

                         New York
                 James P. Johnson Jubilee
                                                                                                       

   A pair of concerts in the "Jazz at Lincoln Center" series
spotlight a leading figure of the jazz age and the Harlem
Renaissance, James P. Johnson. The pianist, composer and
teacher performed with blues singers, lead his own groups and
wrote Broadway musicals, including "Runnin' Wild" of 1923,
for which he wrote the song "The Charleston." Leading the
tribute will be 27-year-old pianist Marcus Roberts, who will
perform an evening of Johnson's solo and small ensemble
works. The following evening he will appear with the 64-piece
chamber orchestra Concordia under the direction of Marin
Alsop.
   Snug Harbor Cultural Center, Staten Island (Feb. 20,
718-448-2500); Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center, 65th Street
and Broadway (Feb. 21, 212-721-6500).
                                                                                                       

                           MUSIC
                                                                                                       

                       Philadelphia
               Opera Company of Philadelphia
                                                                                                       

   The troupe continues its 16th season with Verdi's "La
Traviata," featuring Romanian-born Nelly Miricioiu as the
courtesan Violetta, Sicilian tenor Marcello Giordani as her
gentleman suitor, Alfredo, and Chinese baritone Haijing Fu as
Alfredo's father, Giorgio, who contrives to keep the lovers
apart. Steven Mercurio conducts.
   Academy of Music: Broad and Locust Streets. Feb. 17, 21
and 23. (215) 981-1454.
                                                                                                       

                       Tulsa, Okla.

                                                                                                       

   The American premiere of Rossini's "Armida," billed as a
story of "seduction on a holy battlefield." Christine
Weidinger sings the title role, Thomas Young is Rinaldo and
Walter MacNeil is Goffredo. Kimberly Smiley of Tulsa Ballet
Theatre is also featured. Richard Bradshaw conducts.
   Chapman Music Hall, Tulsa Performing Arts Center: 3rd and
Cincinnati. Feb. 29, March 5 and 7. (800) 448-2682.