New Securities Issues
Continental Homes Holding Corp. -- $35 million principal
of 6 7/8% convertible subordinated notes issued at 90% of
par, due March 15, 2002, with a yield to maturity of 8.37%.
Each $1,000 principal amount note is immediately convertible
into 42.55 common shares. The company has made application to
list the notes on the American Stock Exchange. Kidder,
Peabody  Co. was the underwriter.
   Merrill Lynch  Co. -- $250 million of notes, due March
15, 1995, priced as 6 3/4% at 99.929 to yield 6.776%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 80 basis points
above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard
 Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Mobil Corp. -- $200 million of notes, due March 15, 1999,
won by a group led by UBS Securities Inc. and reoffered as 7
1/4% at 99.405 to yield 7.36%. The noncallable notes were
priced at a spread of 30 basis points above the comparable
U.S. Treasury note. UBS Securities won the notes with a bid
of 99.132 for a 7 1/4% coupon, which resulted in a net
interest cost to the company of 7.411%. The issue is rated
double-A-2 by Moody's and double-A by SP.
   Procter  Gamble Co. -- $200 million of notes, due March
15, 1995, priced as 6 1/4% at 99.812 to yield 6.32%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 35 basis points
above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated double-A-2 by
Moody's and double-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
   Polaroid Corp. -- $200 million of notes, due March 15,
1999, priced as 8% at 99.054 to yield 8.18%. The noncallable
notes were priced at a spread of 1.11 points above the
Treasury's seven-year note. Rated Baa-3 by Moody's and
triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   First Chicago Corp. -- $100 million of $8 7/8%
subordinated notes due March 15, 2002, priced at par to yield
8 7/8%. The noncallable notes were issued through
underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Enserch Corp. -- $200 million two-part issue of notes
priced through underwriters led by Kidder Peabody  Co. The
first part, consisting of $100 million of notes, due March
15, 1997, was priced as 8% at 99.785 to yield 8.053%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 1.3 points above
the Treasury's five-year note. The second part, consisting of
$100 million of notes, due March 15, 2001, was priced as 8
7/8% at 99.109 to yield 9.05%. The notes, nonrefundable for
five years, were priced at a spread of 1.65 points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. Both parts of the issue are rated
Baa-2 by Moody's and triple-B by SP.
   Valassis Inserts Inc. -- $420 million three-part issue of
senior notes and senior subordinated notes priced through
underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc. The first part,
consisting of $150 million senior notes, due March 15, 1997,
was priced as 8 3/8% at 99.65 to yield 8.462%. The
noncallable senior notes were priced at a spread of 1.65
points above the comparable Treasury. The second part,
consisting of $120 million senior notes, due March 15, 1999,
was priced as 8 7/8% at 99.60 to yield 8.953%. The
noncallable senior notes were priced at a spread of 1.82
points above the comparable Treasury. The third part,
consisting of $150 million of senior subordinated notes, due
March 15, 1999, was priced as 9 3/8% at 99.60 to yield
9.454%. The noncallable senior subordinated notes were priced
at a spread of 2.32 points above the comparable Treasury. The
first two parts are rated Baa-2 by Moody's and triple-B by
SP. The third part is rated Baa-3 by Moody's and
triple-B-minus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Lower Colorado River Authority, Texas -- $183.5 million of
junior lien refunding revenue bonds, Series 1992, due Jan. 1,
2017, with capital appreciation bonds due Jan. 1, 2000-2003,
tentatively priced by a Morgan Stanley  Co. group to yield
from 6.15% for capital appreciation or zero-coupon bonds
maturing in 2000, to 6.68% for current interest bonds
maturing in 2017. There are $154.3 million of bonds priced as
6% at 91.81 to yield 6.68% in 2017. Capital apprecation bonds
are priced to yield to maturity from 6.15% in 2000 to 6.45%
in 2003. The bonds are insured by AMBAC Indemnity Corp. and
are rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
   Connecticut -- $465 million of general obligation bonds,
due March 15, 1993-2012, priced by a Merrill Lynch  Co.
group to yield from 3.10% in 1993 to 6.61% in 2012. Current
interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.10% in 1993
to 6.60% in 2009 and 2010. There are $46.5 million of term
bonds priced as 6.50% at 98.75 to yield 6.61% in 2012. The
bonds are rated double-A by Moody's and double-A-minus by
SP. The bonds also are rated double-A-plus by Fitch
Investors Service Inc.
   Illinois -- $400 million of improvement general obligation
bonds, due Oct. 1, 1993-2012, apparently won by a Merrill
Lynch  Co. group with a bid setting the true interest cost
at 6.073%. The bonds, rated double-A-1 by Moody's and
triple-A by SP, were priced for reoffering to yield from
3.50% in 1993 to 6.55% in 2010-2012.
   New York State -- $220.6 million of various purpose
general obligation bonds, due March 1, 1993-2022, apparently
won by a Bear, Stearns  Co. group with a bid setting the
true interest cost at 6.401%. The bonds, rated single-A by
Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, were priced for reoffering
to yield from 4.50% in 1994 to 6.90% in 2012-2022. Bonds
maturing in 1993 are not formally reoffered to investors.
   New Orleans -- $70 million of public improvement general
obligation bonds, Issue of 1992, due Sept. 1, 1993-2007,
2011, 2019, and 2021, apparently won by a Morgan Stanley 
Co. group with a bid setting the true interest cost at
6.846%. The bonds, insured by Financial Guaranty Insurance
Co. and rated triple-A by Moody's and SP, were priced for
reoffering to yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.65% in 2019.
Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.50%
in 1993 to 6.50% in 2007; $9.8 million of term bonds priced
as 6.60% at par in 2011; $29.7 million of term bonds priced
as 7% at 104.39 to yield 6.65% in 2019; $10.3 million of term
bonds priced as 7 1/2% at 111.62 to yield 6.60% in 2021.
   Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust -- $59.9 million of
various sewer system revenue bonds, comprising $34.1 million
of Series 1992 A bonds, due July 1, 1993-2006, 2012 and 2017,
and $25.8 million of refunding revenue bonds, due July 1,
1993-2007, 2012, and 2016, apparently won by a Stifel,
Nicolaus  Co. Inc. group. The true interest cost for the
$34.05 million of water and sewer system revenue bonds is
6.5195%. The Series A bonds are priced to yield from 3.50% in
1993 to 6.55% in 2017. Current interest serial bonds are
priced to yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.45% in 2007; $8.3
million of term bonds priced as 6 3/8% at 98.50 to yield
6.51% in 2012; $11.4 million of term bonds priced as 6.40% at
98.125 to yield 6.55% in 2017. The true interest cost for the
$25.8 million of refunding revenue bonds is 6.4678%. The
bonds are priced to yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.55% in
2016; Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from
3.50% in 1993 to 6.45% in 2007; $4.7 million of term bonds
priced as 6 3/8% at 98.50 to yield 6.51% in 2012; $6.1
million of term bonds priced as 6.40% at 98 1/8 to yield
6.55% in 2016. The bonds are insured by MBIA Corp. and rated
triple-A by Moody's and SP.
   City and County of San Francisco Airports Commission --
$222.6 million of San Francisco International Airport second
series refunding revenue bonds, Issue 1, due May 1,
1993-2008, 2011 and 2013, apparently won by a First Boston
Corp. group with a bid setting the true interest cost at
6.38%. The bonds, insured by AMBAC Indemnity Corp. and rated
triple-A by Moody's and SP, were priced for reoffering to
yield from 3.00% in 1993 to 6.50% in 2011 and 2013. Current
interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.00% in 1993
to 6.40% in 2007 and 2008; $46.2 million of term bonds priced
as 6.30% at 97.82 to yield 6.50% in 2011; $36.2 million of
term bonds priced as 6 1/2% at par in 2013.
                                                                                                       

                        EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Aquarion Co. -- An offer of one million shares priced at
$21.25 each through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Day Runner Inc. -- Initial offer of 1.6 million shares
priced at $15 each through underwriters led by Montgomery
Securities.
   United Retail Group Inc. -- Initial offer of 4.4 million
shares priced at $15 each through underwriters led by
Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Valassis Communications Inc. -- Initial offer of 22.1
million shares priced at $17 each through underwriters led by
Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Kellwood Co. -- An offer of 1.5 million shares priced at
$27.50 each through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   AutoZone Inc. -- An offer of four million shares priced at
$35.25 each through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                       MORTGAGES

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The offering,
Series 1992-59, is backed by 15-year 8.5% Fannie Mae
mortgage-backed securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon of 9.25% and a weighted average maturity of
9.83 years, assuming prepayments at 195% of the PSA model.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by Bear Stearns. The offering,
Series 1992-60, is backed by 7 1/2% Fannie Mae "balloon"
mortgage-backed securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon of 8.125%, and a weighted average maturity of
6.83 years, assuming prepayments at 200% of the PSA model.
                                                                                                       

                        AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency -- $148.5
million of housing revenue bonds, Series A and B (non-AMT),
Series C (AMT) and Series D (taxable), tentatively priced by
a Bear Stearns group to yield from 5.80% for Series C bonds
maturing in 1997 to 7.50% for taxable Series D bonds maturing
in 1997. Series A consists of about $106.4 million of bonds
due May 1, and Nov. 1, 2001-2005, and 2013. Current interest
serial bonds are priced at par to yield from 6.25% in 2001 to
6.65% in 2005; $73.28 million of term bonds priced as 6.95%
at par due in 2013. Series B consists of about $9.4 million
of bonds due May 1, and Nov. 1, 1999-2001. The bonds are
priced at par to yield from 5.90% in 1999 to 6.25% in 2001.
Series C consists of about $10.2 million of bonds due May 1
and Nov. 1, 1997-1999. The bonds are priced to yield from
5.80% in 1997 to 6.15% in 1999. Series D consists of about
$22.5 million of taxable bonds priced as 7.50% at par, due
Nov. 1, 1997. The price of the Series D taxable bonds
represents a spread of about 1.50 points above the three-year
Treasury. The bonds are rated single-A-plus by SP and are
not rated by Moody's.
                                                                                                       

                        EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   World Bank (supranational) -- 250 billion yen of 5 1/4%
global bonds due March 20, 2002, at issue price of 99.23 via
IBJ International, Nomura International and J.P. Morgan
Securities Ltd. Reoffered at 99.23 to yield 5.348%
semiannually, a spread of 19 basis points below the Japanese
government's No. 129 issue. Fees 0.325 point.
   Kingdom of Norway (sovereign) -- 100 billion yen of 5 3/8%
Eurobonds due Feb. 14, 1997, with an additional 50 billion
yen of Eurobonds via IBJ International. Reoffered at 99.40 to
yield 5.51% annually. Fees undisclosed.
   Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co. (Japan) -- 15 billion yen of
6.1% Eurobonds due July 2, 1999, at an issue price of 101 1/4
via Nikko Securities Co. Reoffered at 99.675. Fees 1 7/8.
Separately, 50 million Swiss francs of 7% privately placed
notes due March 26, 1997, at 101 1/2 via Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Bank.
   Republic of Finland (sovereign) -- Five billion French
francs of 9% Eurobonds due April 15, 1997, via BNP Capital
Markets Ltd. Reoffered at 99.689 to yield 9.08%, a margin of
35 basis points above the yield on the 8 1/2% OAT issue due
in 1997. Fees 0.25.
   N.V. Bank voor Nederlandsche Gemeenten (Netherlands) --
200 million European currency units of 8 5/8% of Eurobonds
due April 16, 1997 at issue price 101.65 via ABN Amro Bank.
Reoffered at a fixed price of 100.025 to yield 8.62%. Fees 1
7/8.
   Shimano Inc. (Japan) -- 100 million ECU of 4 7/8%
Eurobonds with equity warrants attached due April 2, 1996, at
par via Nikko Securities Co. Denominations 10,000 ECU plus
two warrants to purchase shares in the company at terms to be
fixed on March 16. Exercise period of the warrants will run
from April 16, 1992 to March 18, 1996. Fees 2 1/4.
   General Electric Co. (U.S.) -- $300 million of 7 1/8%
Eurobonds due April 7, 1997, at an issue price of 101.535 via
Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Reoffered at 99.91 to yield
7.15% annually, a spread of 30 basis points above the
comparable U.S. Treasury issue. Fees 1 7/8.
   Nakano Corp. (Japan) -- $75 million of 3 1/4% Eurobonds
with equity warrants attached due March 26, 1996, at par via
Yamaichi International PLC. Guaranteed by Mitsubishi Bank
Ltd. Denominations $10,000 plus two warrants to purchase
shares in the company at terms to be fixed on March 16. The
exercise period of the warrants will run from April 9, 1992,
to March 19, 1996. Fees 2 1/4.
   Asfinag (Austria) -- 300 million marks of 8% bonds due
April 22, 2002 at 102 via Union Bank of Switzerland. Callable
in 1994 at 101, 1995 at 100.70 and 1996 at 100.50. Fees 2
1/2. Separately, three million marks of warrants at 3.30
marks, allowing holders to buy 5,000 marks of host bond at
101.25 in 1994, 101 in 1995 and 100.75 in 1996. Fees 0.50.
   Renault Credit International S.A. (France) -- 300 million
marks of 8 1/4% bonds due April 2, 1997 at 102.05 via
Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 2.
   Landeskreditbank Baden-Wuerttemberg Finance N.V. (German
parent) -- 200 million marks of 8% bonds due April 4, 1996 at
101 1/4 via Trinkaus  Burkhardt. Fees 1 3/4.
   International Finance Corp. (supranational) -- 10 billion
Spanish pesetas of 10.40% Matador bonds due March 26, 1997 at
issue price 101.60 via Banco Hispano Americano. Yield 10.41%
(annual) after deducting full commissions. Fees 1 5/8.
   Guinness Finance Australia Ltd. (U.K. parent) -- 75
million Australian dollars of 10 1/2% Eurobonds due Dec. 23,
1997, at issue price 101.95 via Hambros Bank Ltd. Yield 10.48
at a discount equal to the full two-point commissions. Most
underwriters buy the bonds at a discount of 1 7/8 points
where the bonds yield 10.45%. Guaranteed by Guinness PLC.
Fees 2.