Who's News:
   Alza Corp.'s Gerstel
   Plans to Resign in '94
   For Personal Reasons
"I haven't slept for a few months. It's almost like
leaving a life," Mr. Gerstel said. "It was a shock to a lot
of people but as the years go by there are other things I
want to have time for."
   The announcement comes as Alza is finally reaping rewards
from years of developing drug-delivery systems, which supply
controlled doses orally or through the user's skin. Sales
rose nearly 50% last year to $162.3 million. In November,
Alza won regulatory approval for a nicotine patch, marketed
by Marion Merrell Dow Inc., that could be a big seller. In
the past decade, Alza's market value has swelled to $3.5
billion from less than $20 million.
   "Alza is positioned to be a truly great company of 1990s.
We have a first-class management team that can run the
company very effectively," Mr. Gerstel said. "I tried to
slowly disengage and it doesn't work. I can't leave the job
behind any other way."
   Mr. Gerstel said he felt he had to give advance warning of
his plans to allow for an orderly succession at Alza, which
has a consensus style of management. The Alza board has
formed a committee to consider a successor.
   Mr. Gerstel owns 200,000 shares of Alza stock, valued at
nearly $10 million, in addition to options.
   Alza Class A shares closed at $49, down 87.5 cents, in
American Stock Exchange composite trading.
   Separately, Alza said its acquisition of Bio-Electro
Systems Inc. was approved by Bio-Electro's stockholders. The
deal, valued at about $90 million, calls for an exchange of
0.5772 share of Alza common for each share of Bio-Electric.
Alza said the merger is effective today.