New Securities Issues
2007, was priced as 7.60% at 99.837 to yield 7.618%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 87.5 basis
points over the yield on the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
double-A-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
double-A-minus by Standard & Poor's Corp., the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs & Co.
   Deere & Co. -- $200 million issue of senior debentures,
due Jan. 9, 2022, was priced as 8 1/2% at 99.196 to yield
8.575%. The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of
110 basis points over the yield on the Treasury's 30-year
bond. Rated single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A by S&P, the
issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch
& Co.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $344.1 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Kidder, Peabody & Co. The offering,
Series 1992-G10, is backed by Government National Mortgage
Association 9% mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 9.50% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 28.58 years. The issue settles
Jan. 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $600 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Kidder Peabody
& Co. The offering, Series 1992-G11, is backed by Government
National Mortgage Association 9% mortgage securities. The
collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 9.50% and
weighted average remaining term to maturity of 28.58 years.
The issue settles Feb. 28.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   German Unity Fund (German government agency) -- three
billion marks of 8% bonds due Jan. 21, 2002, at 100.40 to
yield 7.94%, via federal bond consortium.
   Export Development Corp. (Canada) -- 200 million European
currency units of 9% Eurobonds due Jan. 21, 1994, at issue
price 100.925 via UBS Phillips & Drew. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99.95 to yield 9.03% (annual).
Fees 1 1/8.