Your Money Matters:
   Wall Street Strategists Get More Bullish on Stocks
   ----
   By John R. Dorfman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
You would think that if the strategists got any more
bullish, they would have to grow horns. Yet while their
numbers have a cowboy swagger, the strategists aren't
predicting investors will make a killing in stocks this year.
   "You have to have realistic expectations," says Edward
Kerschner, strategist for PaineWebber Inc. He expects stocks
to provide approximately a 10% total return including
dividends this year. "We're thinking maybe 3300 to 3500" on
the Dow Jones Industrial Average, he says. The industrial
average closed yesterday at 3240.61, up 7.83.
   As Mr. Kerschner sees it, investors should take 10% and
like it: "Ten percent is not bad. It's the historical norm.
It's a very attractive return with inflation running 2.5% to
3%." And it is better, he predicts, than bonds or cash
equivalents will do.
   Many strategists are thinking the same way. Almost all
expect moderate gains in stocks this year in a climate of
continuing low interest rates. They are recommending that
people take a big helping of stocks because they don't expect
much from bonds, and they regard the yields on cash
equivalents such as Treasury bills and money market funds as
too puny to consider.
   In cooperation with Wilshire Associates of Santa Monica,
Calif., the Journal each quarter estimates how investors
would have done by taking the various strategists' advice.
Mr. Kerschner led the field of 10 strategists in 1991;
investors who followed his advice would have earned an
estimated return of 25.5%.
   Mr. Kerschner says he thinks bondholders this year will
collect their interest checks -- about 7.7% lately on
long-term Treasury bonds -- but not much in the way of
capital gains. In fact, at this point in the economic cycle,
he would normally worry about capital losses. A recovering
economy usually breeds higher interest rates, depressing the
value of existing bonds. This year, however, Mr. Kerschner
predicts the recovery will be so "tepid" it won't affect
bonds much.
   Cash equivalents "should be held only for current needs,"
he says. "There is no investment merit in returns under 4%."
   Greg Smith, strategist for Prudential Securities Inc., a
unit of Prudential Insurance Co. of America, commands the
best long-term record in the study. Over the five years
through December, people who followed his advice would have
earned an estimated 102.7% return, mostly by sticking with
stocks through thick and thin.
   Mr. Smith says he thinks the economic recovery will be "so
poor that a lot of the rotation toward cyclicals and out of
bonds is going to turn out to be wrong." Even so, he
recommends that people put 65% of their portfolios in stocks.
The key, he says, will be "finding companies that can prosper
in this slow growth, very-low-inflation environment." A lot
of the "sizzle" will be in "mid-cap" stocks with $500 million
to $2 billion in market value, he says. Demand for these
stocks will be enhanced by trading in new options and futures
contracts geared to a midcap stock index.
   The top performer in the latest quarter was Dean Witter
Reynolds Inc., a unit of Sears, Roebuck  Co. Dean Witter was
recommending only a 45% stock exposure in October and
November, and people who took that advice were cushioned
against the stock market's 4% November decline. In two steps,
the company increased its recommended stock exposure to 65%
by Dec. 20, in time to catch the rally sparked by the Federal
Reserve's sharp lowering of interest rates.
   Bill Dodge, who recently took the helm as Dean Witter's
strategist, says the stock market is now in a "fair value
range." He says stocks "can go higher, but grudgingly so from
here." He says he thinks investors have been too quick to
jump into cyclical stocks and that there may be bargains
among the growth stocks and drug stocks that have run into
selling pressure.
   Here is a rundown on what the other seven strategists are
advising. They are listed alphabetically by company.
   A.G. Edwards  Sons Inc.: Economist and strategist Raymond
Worseck at the St. Louis-based company is the only one of the
10 who recommends less than 60% in stocks. He is at 55%. "We
still hold out the possibility that the yield {on long-term
Treasury bonds} could drop to 7%" by June, he says. "The
economy will stay sluggish. We will get a number of proposals
for stimulating the economy, but not much will result."
Hence, his 40% bond position.
   Goldman, Sachs  Co.: With a 75% stock allocation,
strategists Steven Einhorn and Abby Cohen are currently the
most bullish on Wall Street. "Bull markets don't end until
you have the arrival of the three uglies -- ugly inflation,
ugly monetary policy and ugly value," says Mr. Einhorn. In
his view, none of the three factors look bad now.
   Kidder, Peabody  Co.: The General  Electric Co. unit
finished a close second in the study for 1991. "We expect
stocks to have a good year," says E.K. Easton Ragsdale,
director of quantitative research. "However, we don't expect
them to be much above their historical average, 9% to 11%."
Kidder looks for "slowly rising rates after the first
quarter," meaning bond prices should be stable to lower.
   Merrill Lynch  Co.: The stock rally "could go on for a
while," says Charles Clough, Merrill's strategist. "The
investor is going to have to get used to" low interest rates
and stocks selling at higher multiples of earnings than they
did in recent years. He says "growth cyclical" stocks,
transportation stocks and financial stocks are among the best
choices.
   Raymond James  Associates Inc.: The St. Petersburg, Fla.,
company has 70% in stocks against 25% in bonds, but that mix
reflects its long-run policy more than any market-timing
view. "Over a long period of time, {stocks} are a better
asset class," says managing director J. Davenport Mosby.
   Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.: Michael Sherman, strategist
at American Express Co.'s Shearson unit, has kept his blend
unchanged since April at 60% stocks, 35% bonds, 5% cash. But
if the industrial average goes above 3300, he says, "I think
you have to examine whether you want to take some bets off
the table."
   Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.: William Helman,
co-chairman of the investment policy committee at the
Primerica Corp. unit, says it should be worth investors'
while to stick with stocks even though "the market is high"
and stocks are "not cheap." The market "very seldom has gone
down for reasons of valuation alone." The only time he can
think of when that happened was in 1962.
   During the past five years, all 10 companies had at least
mildly positive results from market-timing, or switching back
and forth among stocks, bonds and cash, according to an
analysis of the study's data by Robin Carpenter, president of
Economics Office, a Plainfield, N.H., consulting company.
Nine of them achieved extra returns through correctly timing
the stock market, while Dean Witter did well in timing the
bond market.
   No one consistently guessed the market's zigs and zags.
But in the latest quarter, four companies -- Dean Witter,
A.G. Edwards, PaineWebber and Smith Barney -- adroitly
increased their stock allocations on Dec. 20, when the
Federal Reserve moved boldly to lower interest rates.
   ---
                  Who Has the Best Blend?
                                                                                                       

   Performance of asset-allocation blends recommended by 10
brokerage houses in periods ended Dec. 31, 1991. Houses are
ranked by 12-month performance. Also shown is the mix each
house now recommends.
                                                                                                       

                      Performance        Recommended Blend
                ---------------------   -------------------
 Brokerage        3       12      5
 House          Months  Months  Years   Stocks  Bonds  Cash
                                                                                                       

 PaineWebber     7.9%    25.5%  87.3%    67%     32%    1%
 Kidder Peabody  7.5     25.5   83.6     70      30     0
 Prudential      6.5     25.1  102.7     65      35     0
 Shearson Lehman 7.1     25.0   95.2     60      35     5
 Merrill Lynch   7.5     24.2   85.6     65      30     5
 Raymond James   7.3     23.8    NA*     70      25     5
 Dean Witter     8.0     23.5   86.5     65      35     0
 Smith Barney    7.2     23.0   89.2     60      40     0
 Goldman Sachs   7.4     22.7   91.5     75      20     5
 A.G. Edwards    6.8     22.4   75.4     55      40     5
                                                                                                       

                   Comparison Yardsticks
                                                                                                       

                        3            12           5
                      Months       Months       Years
                                                                                                       

 Fixed Blend**         6.7%         23.0%        83.7%
 Stocks***             8.4          30.5        104.2
 Bonds#                5.3          15.8         57.6
 Cash##                1.5           6.4         41.0
 Optimal Blend###     14.0          51.4        522.1
 Worst Blend@         -3.1          -5.8        -53.4
                                                                                                       

   *Began issuing asset-allocation advice in late 1987.
   **Fifty-five percent stocks, 35% bonds, 10% cash
   ***Standard  Poor's 500-stock index
   #Merrill Lynch corporate  government master bond index
   ##90-day Treasury bills
   ###Switching each month with perfect foresight into what
   proved to be the best-performing asset.
   @Switching each month into what proved to be the
   worst-performing asset.

   Sources: Company documents; Wilshire Associates