Australian Company,
   Lion Nathan Drop
   Their Merger Plan
   ---
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Lion Nathan owns the other 50% of National Brewing of
Australia, and also operates New Zealand Breweries Ltd.
   Lion Nathan will acquire the brewing interest for 425
million Australian dollars (US$316.9 million) plus 50% of
National Brewing's earnings for the fiscal year ending June
30. The payment will consist of A$300 million of Lion Nathan
junior capital stock, with the balance in cash and Lion
Nathan shares.
   Australian Consolidated was named Bell Resources Ltd. in
the 1980s and was part of financier Alan Bond's corporate
empire, until Mr. Bond was forced into a sale of assets to
repay billions of dollars of debts.
   The New Zealand company last October agreed to acquire
Australian Consolidated in a share swap valued at A$155
million. Australian Consolidated said it agreed to the merger
because it lacked funds to meet a bond repayment. Lion Nathan
pledged to provide bridge finance to the Australian company.
   This plan was conditioned on holders of Australian
Consolidated's Swiss franc and U.S. dollar bonds agreeing to
exchange those securities for Australian dollar denominated
notes convertible into Lion Nathan shares.
   But Swiss Bank Corp., paying agent for the Swiss franc
bonds, has advised the companies that the exchange of bonds
"could be ineffective as a matter of Swiss law," the two
companies said.
   In addition, investment bank Schroders Australia Ltd.,
which was retained by Australian Consolidated to provide an
independent assessment of the bond exchange, has decided it
can't give an opinion that the exchange is fair and
reasonable to bondholders of Australian Consolidated.