International:
   Japan's Production
   Of Motor Vehicles
   Fell 1.9% in December
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The industry group attributed the drops in both December
and the year as a whole to the general slowdown of Japan's
economy. Buying was also discouraged by high interest rates
and strict parking regulations in metropolitan areas, it
said.
   In the latest reporting month, production of passenger
cars slipped 1.5% from the same period a year earlier to
797,667 units. Output of small cars fell 11% to 516,431
units, although output of medium-sized cars jumped 37% to
219,185 units.
   For the full year, passenger car output declined 2% to
9,753,069 vehicles, with production of small cars dropping
6.9% to 6,854,851 units, but production of medium-sized cars
posting a gain of 17% to 2,054,569 units. The association
said larger cars benefited from model changes during the
year. Sales of mid- to large-sized cars are also more
resilient to the effects of higher interest rates, it added.
   Truck output fell 2.2% in December to 268,970 units, with
production of medium-sized trucks slipping 3.3% to 100,060
units and production of small trucks gaining a slight 0.2% to
94,502 units. For all of 1991, truck output decreased 1.4% to
3,447,914 units, with production of medium-sized trucks
climbing 1% to 1,261,966 units and production of small-sized
trucks falling 2.1% to 1,237,050 units.
   Bus production grew 25% in December on-year to 3,996
units, and climbed 11% for the full year to 44,449 units.