Business Brief:
   James River and Federal Paper Board
   Post Steep Drops in 4th-Period Profits
James River, based in Richmond, Va., said net income
plunged 87% to $7.8 million, or two cents a share, in the
quarter, compared with $62 million, or 68 cents a share, in
the 1990 period. The recent quarter was 13 weeks, while the
1990 period was 14 weeks, the result of a 1990 change in
fiscal year to end the last Sunday in December instead of the
last Sunday in April.
   Sales were off 11% to $1.1 billion from $1.24 billion;
adjusted for the extra week in 1990, pro forma sales were off
4.3%. The results were generally in line with analysts'
estimates, a spokeswoman said.
   Federal Paper Board, Montvale, N.J., said fourth-quarter
net income plunged 75%, after several charges and as pulp
prices eroded more than $100 a ton and equipment was idled
for various reasons.
   The maker of bleached paperboard, bleached market pulp,
recycled paperboard and other products said net fell to $5.7
million, or eight cents a share, from $22.9 million, or 52
cents a share, a year ago. Sales fell 6.6%, to $411 million.
   The latest quarter had $9.8 million in charges, compared
with $11 million a year ago.
   John R. Kennedy, president, said business was hurt by the
generally poor economy. The fourth-quarter non-operating
charges and the reduced earnings because of machine downtime
are behind the company, he said.
   In New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, James River
fell 50 cents to $21.875, and Federal Paper rose 62.5 cents
to $29.75.