CFTC Proposes
   Easing Disclosure
   For Big Investors
   ----
   By Sandra Block
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The proposed regulation is modeled after a Securities and
Exchange Commission rule that exempts securities offerings
sold to big investors from the SEC's standard disclosure
requirements. CFTC officials said it reflects increased
interest among institutional investors in futures markets.
   In addition to exempting pool offerings to large investors
from the CFTC's disclosure requirements, the proposed rule
would permit pool operators to provide abbreviated financial
statements to those investors.
   CFTC officials called the proposal an important step
toward reducing unnecessary regulations. "I've often felt
that sometimes in disclosure you can have a lot of
information overload," CFTC Chairman Wendy Gramm said.
   Holland West, a partner with the New York law firm of
Cadwalader, Wickersham  Taft, said the proposal will be
welcomed by futures professionals, many of whom believe the
CFTC's disclosure rules are costly and time-consuming. He
said some pool operators have taken their business offshore
to avoid the disclosure rules.
   In proposing the rule, the CFTC recognized "that you don't
treat a retail customer the same as a pension plan," Mr. West
said. "I think that recognition is long overdue."
   The proposal, if adopted, could lead to other moves by the
CFTC to ease disclosure and reporting rules for sophisticated
investors, agency officials said.