International:
   Mercedes-Benz Plans
   Light Truck Venture
   With Czech Firm Avia
Mercedes-Benz, a unit of Daimler-Benz AG, said it would
pump 350 million marks ($226.9 million) into the project in
the next five years and eventually produce 30,000
transporters and light trucks a year at the Avia plant on the
outskirts of Prague. Industry sources said the Germans also
linked the deal to Czechoslovak promises of unspecified
tariff protection, which would insulate the venture from the
full force of foreign competition for a limited period of
time. Such assurances are becoming a standard part of such
deals.
   The move marks the first major step for Mercedes-Benz into
Eastern Europe's truck market since it linked up with former
East Germany's IFA truck concern in 1990. IFA remains the
cornerstone of the Stuttgart-based company's expansion plans
in the truck sector -- with one billion marks worth of
investment earmarked for a new plant outside Berlin.
   Mercedes-Benz bid for Avia against France's Renault, which
traditionally worked with the Czechoslovak concern.
   The venture plans to start producing vehicles within six
months after signing a formal agreement, probably in June,
and replace Avia's entire production within three years. The
German auto giant would initially take a 31% stake in the
firm, but this would gradually be increased. Neither company
would say how large the German share could ultimately become.