Allied-Signal Says
   Profit Rose 7.5%
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Amal Kumar Naj
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Lawrence A. Bossidy, who took over as chief executive
officer last July, said the company accelerated its
cost-cutting and streamlining program and also "broadened its
scope" late last year to cushion the impact of a weakening
economy. He said that the speedier execution will contribute
about $1.25 a share to earnings this year, instead of the $1
he had predicted last year.
   He said Allied-Signal accomplished 60% of the announced
schedule for head-count reduction at the end of last year,
instead of the 40% that had been targeted. Last October the
company had announced that it would eliminate 5,000 salaried
jobs, or 15% of its white-collar work force, primarily at its
aerospace and automotive operations, by the end of 1992. Mr.
Bossidy said that since then managers found ways to cut
additional jobs and as a result the job-reduction number was
raised to 5,600.
   "The financial results bring to reality what we have been
working for in the last six months," he said.
   Allied-Signal's latest earnings compare with the year-ago
profit of $107 million, or 80 cents a share. Sales declined
slightly to $3 billion from $3.14 billion a year ago.
   For all of 1991, the company had a loss of $273 million,
including the third-quarter charge. Without the one-time
charge and a one-time gain from the sale of oil and gas
properties by Union Texas Petroleum Holdings Inc. in which it
still holds an interest, the company would have posted a
profit of $342 million, or $2.51 a share. In 1990, it earned
$462 million, or $3.35 a share. Sales for the year totaled
$11.83 billion, down 4.1% from $12.34 billion the previous
year.
   Citing the current weak economy, Mr. Bossidy didn't change
his previous 1992 earnings estimates despite the increased
contribution arising this year from his accelerated
restructuring plan. Last October he said the company is
expected to earn between $3.60 and $3.85 a share this year.
   In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock
Exchange, the stock closed at $47.50, up $1.25.