Raytheon Net Rose
   9.9% in Fourth Period
   Despite 1% Sales Drop
"Raytheon's established commercial diversity was a key
contributor," the company said in a news release.
   Pinched by cuts in defense spending, sales at Raytheon's
Electronics Division, which makes among other things, the
Patriot missile, slipped 3% to $5.33 billion in 1991 from
$5.51 billion the year earlier.
   But the company's Energy Services and Aircraft Products
divisions, both of which provide engineering and other
civilian services, saw sales gains in 1991 of 20% and 2%
respectively. Those segments were highly profitable in 1991
and pretax net income in the divisions jumped 43% and 32%
respectively over the prior year.
   Raytheon's slack in defense business was partly caused by
timing. For instance, it expects to receive a sizable
contract in the current quarter from Saudi Arabia after
Congress cleared the way for the sale of 14 Patriot fire
units and 758 Patriot missiles to the Mideast nation earlier
this month.
   Raytheon also said since last January it reduced total
debt 22% to $1.14 billion from $1.47 billion and trimmed the
number of its employees by 5,100 to 71,600 world-wide.
   For the full year it had net income of $591.8 million, or
$8.95 a share, on sales of $9.27 billion. In 1990 the company
reported a profit of $557.3 million, or $8.53 a share, on
sales of $9.26 billion in 1990.