NationsBank Files
   With SEC to Cover
   $1 Billion Offering
Proceeds, according to the company's filing, will be used
for general corporate purposes, including possible
contributions to the capital of NationsBank's subsidiaries,
as well as "possible acquisitions of other financial
institutions or their assets {or} possible acquisitions of
failed financial institutions offered for sale by regulatory
authorities."
   The filing didn't identify any possible targets and a
spokeswoman for NationsBank declined to discuss any possible
acquisitions.
   NationsBank, created through NCNB Corp.'s acquisition of
CS/Sovran Corp. in December, has said that it is
concentrating primarily on consolidating. But the company has
also said it will continue to make acquisitions as
opportunities arise to fill in gaps in its existing
franchise.
   Frank W. Anderson, an analyst with Stephens Inc. in Little
Rock, Ark., said this latest registration will keep
NationsBank in a position to move quickly on any takeovers.
   "This bank will never lose its opportunistic flavor," Mr.
Anderson said.
   The filing comes on the heels of a registration by
NationsBank covering the sale of seven million new shares of
common stock. The company, which had 231.2 million shares
outstanding at year end 1991, said proceeds of that offering,
which had been expected, would also be used for general
corporate purposes and possible additional capital
contributions to its subsidiaries.