Credit Ratings
NAVISTAR INTERNATIONAL Corp. (Chicago) -- Moody's
Investors Service Inc. said it lowered its ratings on $1
billion of senior and subordinated debt of this truck maker.
The rating concern said it downgraded the company's preferred
stock to single-B-2 from Ba-2; its Navistar International
Transportation Corp. subidiary's senior debentures and
industrial revenue bonds to Ba-2 from Baa-3; its subordinated
debentures to single-B-1 from Ba-2; and its Navistar
Financial Corp. unit's senior notes and debentures to Ba-2
from Baa-3 and subordinated debentures to single-B-1 from
Ba-2. Moody's cited what it called the potential impact of
continuing sizable losses in Navistar's core truck operations
on the company's already thin equity base. Moody's also noted
the prospect that strong competition and pricing difficulties
may limit the company's earnings at the peak of the business
cycle and consequently its ability to strengthen its
financial condition. Moody's also said that "onerous" pension
and medical-benefit obligations weaken the company's
competitive position. Navistar said it was disappointed that
Moody's had lowered its ratings. It had no further comment.
   ---
   TURNER BROADCASTING SYSTEM Inc. (Atlanta) -- Standard 
Poor's Corp. said it upgraded its rating of this broadcasting
concern's subordinated debt, currently valued at about $815
million, to single-B-plus from single-B. "The upgrade
reflects Turner's strengthened business profile as well as
improving cash flow coverages, tempered by SP's assessment
that the company may remain acquisition oriented," SP said.
"Turner's position in basic-cable programming has gained
critical mass with the steadily rising penetration of the TNT
network, and the increasing domestic and international
prominence of CNN," the rating agency added. Turner had no
comment on the upgrade.