Technology  Medicine:
   ICI Cancer Drug's
   Planned Trials
   May Be Clouded
   ----
   By Jerry E. Bishop
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The meaning of the rat experiments isn't known but two
Texas toxicologists who performed the experiments suggested
the experiments might cloud plans in the U.S. and Britain for
major new clinical trials of tamoxifen as a cancer
preventive.
   The new trials will attempt to see if tamoxifen can
prevent breast cancers in women who are still healthy but
have a family history of breast cancer. The trials also will
test theories that the drug can sharply reduce the risk of
heart disease and bone deterioration in women after
menopause.
   Paul Plourde, director of endocrine research at ICI
Americas Inc. in Wilmington, Del., said that he didn't think
the rat experiments would change plans to carry out the
clinical trials. He said that tamoxifen has been widely used
since the 1970s in a great many women, and there has been no
indication of any increased cancer risk. "The scientific
community is agreed that the risks {of the new cancer
prevention trials} are small and are far outweighed by the
potential benefits," he said.
   The two toxicologists, Joachim G. Liehr and Xueliang Han
of the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston,
reported they had given female rats injections of tamoxifen
and then examined the animals' DNA. They found indications
that bits of DNA were damaged in liver cells, and the greater
the number of injections, the greater the number of damaged
DNA bits. They said the nature of the damage and the
mechanisms of the damage "aren't yet known and require
additional studies." They speculated that the damage might
lead to mutations and other cell changes, "which must be
examined as part of a safety evaluation of this drug."