What's News --
   Business and Finance
Retail sales climbed 0.6% in January, and sales data for
December and November were revised upward. But analysts said
it is too soon to declare a true recovery in consumer demand.
Separately, unemployment claims fell in the latest weekly
period.
   ---
   Bond and stock prices tumbled and the dollar soared
against the mark as a poorly received Treasury auction and
strong retail sales com bined to paint a picture of rising
interest rates. Treasury bonds plunged about 1 1/8 points.
The Dow Jones in dustrials sank 30.18 points to 3246.65.
   ---
   Ford's fourth-quarter loss narrowed to $475.6 million but
still resulted in a record $2.26 billion loss for the year.
The car maker predicted improved operating results in 1992.
                                                                                                       

   General Motors and Ford are cutting or eliminating rebates
on several models after more than a year of sweetening such
sales incentives.
   ---
   A top Democrat proposed lowering income taxes for
corporations and middle-income people and cutting the capital
gains tax for some investors. Higher taxes on upper-income
people would pay for the $90.9 billion cost.
   ---
   OPEC members remained split over how much to reduce their
oil output and how to share the cuts.
   ---
   Tokyo's four big brokerage firms proposed loosening rules
that limit their trading, in an effort to revitalize Japan's
stock market, where prices are down 43% from the end of 1989.
   ---
   Japan's trade surplus quadrupled in January from a year
earlier as exports climbed 9.7%. Imports fell 3.8%, largely
due to lower oil prices. The surplus with the U.S. rose 2.4%.
                                                                                                       

   Daihatsu Motor is withdrawing from the U.S. market,
marking the first time a Japanese auto maker did so in more
than three decades.
   ---
   Colgate-Palmolive agreed to acquire Mennen, a toiletries
concern with the No. 1 deodorant brand, for $670 million,
mostly in stock.
   ---
   Insurers may limit new coverage of health problems linked
to breast implants if the FDA bans the devices. The companies
would treat the implants as "pre-existing conditions."
   ---
   Unisys is close to an agreement with its bank lenders that
would take considerable pressure off the heavily indebted
computer maker, according to people familiar with the talks.
   ---
   Mirage Resorts is joining with two Indian tribes to build
and run casinos in Kansas and Washington state.
   ---
   Jack Eckerd Corp. withdrew its bid for Revco, making it
likely Revco management's plan to emerge from Chapter 11 will
be adopted.
   ---
   Russia set up a committee to reexamine the awarding of a
contract to explore oil and gas development off Sakhalin
island to a consortium of Mitsui, Marathon and McDermott.
   ---
   Manufacturers remain optimistic about the short-term
economic outlook, according to a survey.
   ---
   American Express pulled a commercial after just one airing
because it resembled a Long Island bank's ad.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 229,360,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3246.65, off 30.18; transportation 1386.21, off 19.43;
utilities 208.12, off 1.82.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4163.99, off 45.96.
   Commodities: Oil $19.68 a barrel, up 41 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.84, off 0.64; spot index 119.05, off 0.29.
   Dollar: 127.65 yen, up 0.20; 1.6241 marks, up 0.0167.