International:
   Rolls-Royce PLC
   Reports 71% Drop
   In '91 Pretax Profit
The company blamed the earnings drop on the decline in
military orders and recession in the civil aviation industry.
The results came as only a modest disappointment to analysts
and brokers, who had expected the difficult year to take a
toll on Rolls-Royce's profit. Analysts had predicted the
company's pretax profit would fall to about #60 million from
#176 million in 1990.
   Net income, or profit attributable to shareholders, fell
to #24 million in 1991 from #134 million a year earlier.
   Even in the best of times, Rolls-Royce often finds itself
struggling to keep up with the other two large engine makers:
General Electric Co. and Pratt  Whitney, both of the U.S.
But last year's troubles forced the company to take drastic
action, cutting 7,000 workers from its payroll, about 10.7%
of the total. The process is likely to continue.
   "Conditions during 1992 will continue to be difficult and
further manpower reductions will be inescapable, although at
a lower level than in 1991," Rolls-Royce Chairman Lord Tombs
of Brailes said.
   Company officials said a further 3,000 job cuts are likely
this year. That represents 5% of its work force.
   But despite what one analyst called an "uninspired set of
figures," Rolls-Royce stock rose to 146 pence from 140 pence
on the London Stock Exchange. Behind the rise, analysts said,
was the company's improved outlook for this year.
   Although sales fell by 4% to #3.515 billion in 1991, the
company finished the year with a record order backlog of #6.6
billion. And that figure does not include an estimated #750
million in orders that have been announced but for which
contracts have yet to be signed.