SpecTran Says
   Earnings Doubled
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By John R. Wilke
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
SpecTran's main product -- 2.2-kilometer spools of
hair-thin glass strand -- is weaved into cables that are used
to transmit telephone and high-speed data communications.
That market, dominated by American Telephone  Telegraph Co.
and Corning Inc., is still strong despite continued weakness
in the economy, Dr. Jaeger said.
   But Dr. Jaeger said that he has kept down expenses and
hiring as a precaution. "People are still buying because it's
costeffective to invest in fiber," he said. SpecTran's
current two-year backlog stands at $30 million, and it now
employs 125 people.
   For the year, SpecTran expects to report net of about $3.1
million, or 55 cents to 57 cents a share, on revenue of $16.3
million, Dr. Jaeger said. In 1990, net was $984,000, or 21
cents a share, on revenue of $10.5 million.
   SpecTran's results in 1991 topped the company's best year,
1985, when it reported revenue of $15.2 million. But sales
collapsed suddenly in 1986 as competitors boosted capacity,
Dr. Jaeger said, and revenue plunged to $3.6 million,
yielding a loss of $16 million in 1986. The work force fell
from its peak of 300 that year to a low of 45 in 1987, and
the stock, which had traded as high as $28 in 1985, traded as
low as 25 cents two years later. It closed Thursday at $19,
down $1, in over-the-counter trading.
   SpecTran specializes in multimode fiber, that transmit
light waves generated by diodes instead of lasers, the
typical method used in the more common singlemode fiber used
in long-distance telephone communications. After ATT and
Corning, SpecTran is the No. 3 maker of multi-mode fiber, a
market that has limited competition because the ATT and
Corning patents are so broad, Dr. Jaeger said. SpecTran holds
product and process patent licenses from both companies.
   In addition to being licensors, ATT and Corning have been
both major buyers and competitors of SpecTran. "It's a
balancing act," Dr. Jaeger said of his relationship to the
larger companies, which have turned to SpecTran to fill
orders that exceeded their capacity.