Digital Equipment,
   Eastman Kodak Sued
   Over `Outsourcing'
The employees, aged 44 to 64, allege that Kodak
discriminated against older workers by cutting off other
career opportunities so they were forced to accept jobs at
Digital, which performs telecommunications contract work for
Kodak under an alliance called Telstar. About 250 Kodak
workers became Telstar workers in February 1990, according to
the Rochester lawyer, Donna Marianetti, who filed the suit
Feb. 25. Ms. Marianetti has other age-discrimination suits
pending against Kodak.
   The move was part of Kodak's highly applauded
"outsourcing" strategy, which saves Kodak the cost of
benefits by farming work out to contractors. The lawsuit
alleges that Kodak's plan is to use outsourcing to reduce its
Rochester payroll to about 18,000 employees from the current
39,600.
   The plaintiffs charge that Digital misled them by telling
them they would keep their same jobs and titles at Digital,
while getting at least comparable benefits. But instead, the
employees lost job responsibilities and Digital told them
it's dissatisfied with the Telstar alliance, so the
employees' future is unclear, according to the suit.
   Meanwhile, Kodak improved its retirement benefits. The
suit alleges that Kodak knew it would improve its retirement
packages when its workers moved to Digital, but didn't tell
them.