World Markets:
   Outlook for Milan's Battered Bourse Brightens
   For First Quarter, Aided by Reforms, Elections
   ----
   By Jill Goldsmith
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Italy's first securities trading houses started operations
Jan. 2 in another sweeping change. These houses, called
Societa di Intermediazione Mobiliare, or SIM, break the
monopoly brokers have had on executing trades.
   These reforms are part of a push for increased
transparency and efficiency on the Milan bourse to make it
more competitive with foreign markets and improve its image
with foreign investors. The market has been racked by several
broker insolvencies in the runup to the overhaul of the
country's securities industry.
   Despite some initial problems for the SIMs' operations,
because of uncertainties about regulations, analysts were
optimistic that the securities houses will pull in investors
and add volume to the market. "The SIMs are really positive
in the effect they will have on increasing the liquidity of
the market," said Paul Dionne, an analyst with Pasfin, a
Milan investment bank.
   The market also has welcomed the rescheduling of national
elections for April from June. Political campaigning, already
under way, will boost spirits as investors contemplate a
stronger government ready to tackle the huge budget deficit
and the prickly negotiations on labor costs, viewed as
crucial to Italian industry's future.
   "The market usually behaves well in an electoral season,"
Mr. Dionne said, and he predicted the general MIB index will
gain between 5% and 7% in the first quarter.
   Gianni Alladena, head analyst with the CIMO
stock-brokerage firm in Milan, is less upbeat. "We have done
studies on the market's performance during elections and
haven't found any trends," he said. "Sometimes it goes up,
sometimes it doesn't." But he said that if a strong
government emerges in April, the market will soar in the
second quarter.
   Meanwhile, analysts warned that the dire state of Italy's
public finances and a recent interest-rate increase will
weigh heavily on the market. "Things look bleak on the
industrial production side here," Mr. Dionne said, citing the
recession.
   Italian interest rates aren't expected to drop before
German rates do, "and that won't be in the first half," Mr.
Alladena of CIMO said. He predicted the Milan bourse will
remain stable, with the general MIB index hovering around
1000 for the first quarter. The MIB is adjusted to 1000 at
the start of each year. The index lost 1.9% last year. Last
Friday, continuing its weeklong surge, the index closed at
1048, rallying 1.55% from the previous session and gaining
4.8% from a week earlier.
   Despite their mild optimism, analysts were still advising
investors to stick with non-cyclical or defensive stocks for
the first quarter. They strongly tout telecommunications
shares, which Massimo Cenci, an analyst at the Milan
stock-brokerage firm Milla-Sommariva said "seems like the
best sector." Mr. Cenci also likes smaller utilities,
especially electricity companies. Analysts favor Italy's
state engineering, natural gas and water, and highway
construction concerns. They consider the food sector
promising, recommend the insurance sector as being relatively
liquid, and like large banks but warn against most smaller
banks.
   Mr. Alladena warned against major industrial groups and
steelmakers, which are being hurt by Europe's economic
downturn. The textile and retailing sectors could continue to
feel the pinch of declining consumer spending and of higher
sales taxes included in the government's 1992 budget, Mr.
Alladena said, but Messrs. Pacciti and Dionne recommended
textiles for their strong earnings.
   ---
   World Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   Tokyo stock prices plummeted Friday in thin dealings
dominated by futures-related arbitrage. London shares ended
lower after a late-session slide.
   In Tokyo, the Nikkei 225-stock index, which jumped 398.64
points Thursday, slumped 731.74, or 3.17%, to 22381.90, as
the absence of investor interest continued to leave the
market open to volatile, index-related swings.
   On Monday, the Nikkei skidded 662.79 points to close the
morning session at 21719.11.
   Friday's first-section volume was estimated at 230 million
shares, compared with 198.9 million shares on Thursday.
Losers overwhelmed gainers, 816-134, and 146 issues were
unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first
section issues, which rose 6.02 points Thursday, skidded
39.25, or 2.31%, to 1660.16.
   The market's late surge Thursday, in dealings related to
the expiration of January options contracts, was considered
an artificial gain that set the stage for Friday's plunge.
Pessimism from factors such as poor anticipated corporate
earnings intensified after selling by investment trusts, and
futures were sold short as a hedge, causing further
arbitrage-related declines in stock prices. The yen's
weakness in foreign-exchange markets Friday had some effect
on stocks but this mostly took a back seat to the technical
factors whipping the market.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index lost 20.0 points to 2477.9, near the intraday low after
a 20.4point gain early in the session to 2518.3. The FT
30-stock index dropped 30.6 points, or 1.61%, to 1874.2.
Volume shrank to 589.7 million shares from 715.6 million
shares a day earlier.
   London stocks' early rise was prompted by futures-related
buying and corporate takeover talk. The late slide came as
investors were frightened by sterling's fall below its
effective floor in the exchangerate mechanism of the European
Monetary System, which provoked anxiety about a possible
boost in British interest rates. Some investors also took
profits on the twoweek trading account's final day.
   In Frankfurt, selective buying, especially in metals
issues, pushed share prices higher in moderate dealings. The
DAX 30-stock index climbed 25.95 points, or 1.63%, to
1615.71. After a slow start this year, institutional buyers,
including foreign institutions, began placing sizable orders,
inspired by speculation that much-feared wage concessions by
German employers would be palatable. This benefited steel and
other metals stocks.
   Elsewhere, Stockholm extended its rally to five sessions,
on falling interest rates and oil prices. Profit-taking
pushed prices down in Taipei, snapping its eight-session
winning streak. Seoul stocks declined on sour sentiment from
reports of selling by foreign investors.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % 1991
                                  Jan 9    Jan 8     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ........................    390.2    390.5   + 27.2
 Britain .....................    739.6    731.0   + 15.7
 Canada ......................    403.4    395.9   + 10.0
 Japan .......................    981.2    974.8   -  1.3
 France ......................    516.9    505.2   + 21.9
 Germany .....................    245.2    244.5   +  8.7
 Hong Kong ...................   3133.3   3133.9   + 44.2
 Switzerland .................    211.4    207.8   + 25.2
 Australia ...................    352.8    353.1   + 31.7
 World index .................    536.4    535.3   + 16.2