Lincoln National
   Will Sell Its Managed
   Health-Care Lines
The operations it's divesting had 1990 revenue of about
$2.5 billion, or nearly a third of Lincoln's $8.5 billion.
The units had combined net income of $53.2 million.
   Lincoln said it will sell its 22 health-maintenance
organizations and its 24 so-called preferred-provider
organizations to TakeCare Inc., a Concord, Calif., HMO
operator.
   Great-West Life  Annuity Insurance Co., Englewood, Colo.,
a concern owned by Canada's Power Financial Corp., will
purchase "almost all" of Lincoln's group life and health
insurance business.
   When the company disclosed in September that it wanted to
leave the group health and HMO businesses -- where margins
are thin and health-care costs continue to move upward -- it
said it expected to receive in excess of $250 million.
   A Lincoln spokesman reiterated that "it would take too big
of an investment to make us a major player in the employee
benefits area" and that the company wants to "use our
resources to better finance other parts of the business,"
which include property/casualty, reinsurance and individual
life coverage.
   Lincoln isn't selling its small-employer health insurance
business, however.
   Through the first nine months of 1991, Lincoln, currently
among the nation's 10 largest insurance companies, earned
$192.4 million, or $4.27 a share.