Technology:
   Genentech Reports
   Break-Even Results
   For Fourth Period
   ----
   By Marilyn Chase
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
After the announcement yesterday, Genentech shares fell
$1.625 to $30 in late New York Stock Exchange trading.
   Genentech's share of the market for clot-dissolving
cardiac drugs has retreated to about half, compared with the
dominant two-thirds share it once held. A study last spring
showed that Activase, at more than $2,000 a dose, was no
better than its older competitor, streptokinase, which costs
about one-tenth as much. The company has challenged those
findings, because volunteers in the study weren't given a
common blood-thinning drug in combination with Activase.
   For the full year, Genentech posted profit of $44.3
million, or 39 cents a share, compared with a 1990 loss of
$98 million, or $1.05 a share, related to its merger with
Roche Holding Ltd. Revenue rose 8.4% to $515.9 million from
$476.1 million.
   Sales of Activase, also known as TPA, declined to $196.5
million in 1991 from $210 million in 1990. In an effort to
salvage the product's commanding role of the market, the
company is sponsoring a 40,000-patient trial known as GUSTO
"to give cardiologists a definitive answer" about the
respective value of Activase vs. streptokinase in opening
clogged coronary arteries.
   Genentech's other big product, its Protropin brand
human-growth hormone, enjoyed a sales rise of 18% to $185.1
million from $157.1 million in 1990. The company said the
increase came because patients, hormone-deficient children,
have grown taller and thus require larger doses, as well as
from a greater number of diagnosed patients.
   Genentech's future growth potential, acording to G. Kirk
Raab, president and chief executive officer, now resides
among the new products moving through its research and
development pipeline. He repeated the company's goal of
getting three of these new products approved for market by
1995, and to that end, its 1992 RD outlay will increase to
50% of revenue from the current 43%.