Business Briefs
Gull Laboratories Inc. said the Bartels Diagnostics
division of Baxter Diagnostics Inc., a unit of Baxter
International Inc., agreed to distribute a line of Gull's
diagnostic test kits for infectious diseases.
   ---
   Procter  Gamble Co. said it agreed to sell its Italian
coffee business to Jacobs Suchard Italia, a unit of Philip
Morris Cos. Terms weren't disclosed.
   ---
   Caretenders HealthCorp., a home health-care services
provider, agreed to sell its DOBI-Symplex unit, an Orlando,
Fla., maker of braces and orthotics, to Hanger Orthopedic
Group Inc., Bethesda, Md. Terms weren't disclosed.
   ---
   Innovet Inc., a pharmaceutical and biological product
developer, acquired High Springs Milling Co., a closely held
manufacturer and distributor of specialty animal nutritional
products. Terms weren't disclosed.
   ---
   American Stores Co. said the waiting period for antitrust
review of its $300 million sale of 74 Jewel Osco food and
drug stores to Albertson's Inc. expired without objection
from the Federal Trade Commission. The sale is expected to be
completed next month.
   ---
   Robbins  Myers Inc., a maker of fluids management
products, said it acquired Prochem Mixing Equipment Ltd.,
Brampton, Ontario, in a cash transaction valued at $6 million
to $8 million.
   ---
   Paramax Systems Corp., a subsidiary of Unisys Corp., said
it received more than $45 million in new air traffic control
business from the Federal Aviation Administration.
   ---
   Arch Petroleum Inc. said it closed three acquisitions of
oil and gas properties in Texas for a total of $8.9 million.
   ---
   Canadian Airlines International, a unit of PWA Corp., said
passenger traffic rose 6.1% in January to 1.06 billion
revenue passenger miles from 998 million revenue passenger
miles a year earlier.