Workers at 2 Plants
   Sue American Home
   Products Under RICO
The suit, filed in the U.S. District Court in San Juan,
Puerto Rico, alleges that the company wrongly took advantage
of tax benefits granted to plants locating in Puerto Rico.
The suit is similar to a $100 million suit filed in January
1991, by the Oil, Chemical and Atomic Workers Union, which
represented some of the Elkhart workers. Workers in the
pharmaceutical industry have been concerned for some time
about what they view as a pattern of jobs lost to the island
commonwealth. Most of the Elkhart workers are members of the
union; the Great Valley workers are nonunion.
   A spokesman for American Home Products declined to
comment, saying that the company hasn't yet received a copy
of the suit.
   The Elkhart plant, which was closed in November, had
employed 800 workers. The company has said that the Elkhart
closure was unrelated to the decision to build a Puerto Rico
plant.
   The Great Valley facility had about 700 workers in 1987
and now employs 100. The plant is expected to be phased out
by the end of this year. The union says production of such
key products as Inderal, a heart medicine; Premarin, a
contraceptive; and the tranquilizer Ativan has moved to
Puerto Rico from Great Valley.
   The latest suit charges that American Home Products lied
when it asserted in applications for tax exemption and
federal job training funds that the Puerto Rico plants
weren't hurting employment on the mainland. The union asserts
that the company's actions constitute a pattern of
racketeering under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act.