OTC Focus:
   Index Eases 0.55% as Heavy Selling
   In Biotechs Spreads to Other Sectors
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Amgen, the market's largest biotechnology listing, slumped
4 3/8 to 68 5/8, after losing 4 1/2 Wednesday. Among others:
Chiron dropped 3 1/4 to 68 3/4, Biogen fell 3 1/2 to 35 and
Icos eased 1 to 14.
   The Nasdaq Composite Index declined 3.48, or 0.55%, to
627.34, following back-to-back record closing highs Tuesday
and Wednesday. But advancing issues outnumbered decliners,
1,149-to-1,125.
   Trading was extremely brisk for a second consecutive day.
National Market System volume totaled 256,440,000 shares --
the third-highest level on record -- compared with
244,670,000 Wednesday. Total OTC volume rose to 302.3 million
shares from 293.3 million Wednesday.
   Action was similar on the Big Board. The New York Stock
Exchange Composite Index lost 1.29, or 0.56%, while the Dow
Jones Industrial Average fell 8.95, or 0.27%. New York Stock
Exchange volume exceeded 330 million shares.
   Michael Gordon, portfolio manager of Fidelity Investments'
Select Biotechnology Fund, said profit-taking in medical
technology stocks isn't unusual following the group's
tremendous gains recently. "Stocks just don't go up in a
straight line," he said.
   But Mr. Gordon said he wasn't among the sellers. "I am not
selling any of the core positions in the fund. The fund is
truly invested for the long term," he said, noting that there
have been no news developments to alter the biotechnology
industry's prospects.
   Meanwhile, the Fidelity portfolio manager said his fund is
"very well positioned" to cover share redemptions among its
investors. He said investors have been net sellers of the
fund's shares over the past several days, but said the action
hasn't been "out of the ordinary."
   Other health care-related stocks were also weak yesterday.
Medco Containment, which sells mail-order prescription drugs,
lost 2 to 80; U.S. Healthcare, a health maintenance
organization, dropped 2 1/4 to 48 1/4, and St. Jude Medical,
a medical device maker, slipped 2 1/2 to 52 1/2.
   Leslie Seff, head of Nasdaq trading at Gruntal  Co., said
he expects further Nasdaq market weakness in the near term
unless leadership segments such as biotechnology, health care
and computer technology recover. "The market showed some real
softness today. It appears that the leadership gave way," he
said.
   Technology stocks were mixed as investors gravitated
toward shares of companies with strong earnings, such as
Apple Computer and Seagate Technology, but cashed in their
gains in some of last year's leaders, such as Microsoft,
which fell 3 3/4 to 127 3/4; Novell, which dropped 1 1/4 to
63, and Sun Microsystems, which eased 3/4 to 33.
   Borland International plunged 6 1/4 to 74 3/4. Goldman
Sachs analyst Rick Sherlund warned investors that the
software maker's near-term earnings are likely to be
disappointing because of higher-than-expected expenses
related to its acquisition of Ashton-Tate. The stock remains
on Goldman's list of stocks recommended for purchase, Mr.
Sherlund said in an interview, but he now expects that
Borland won't begin rolling out a string of new products
until the quarter ending in June, rather than earlier in the
year, as he had initially expected.
   Apple Computer slipped 3/4 to 62 3/4 during regular market
hours but was quoted at 67 1/2 in after-hours Instinet
trading. Following the market close, the personal-computer
maker posted stronger-than-expected earnings of $1.36 a share
for its first quarter, ended Dec. 27. Analysts surveyed by
First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks, had
expected just $1.03 a share.
   Shares of microchip-maker Intel were higher all day,
closing up 5 to 61 on heavy volume of 12 million shares. Late
Wednesday, the company posted fourth-quarter earnings of 90
cents a share, up from 80 cents a share a year ago, and
higher than analysts had expected.
   AST Research also gained following an earnings report. The
stock rose 3 3/8 to 23 1/4 after the personal-computer maker
reported net of $16.7 million, or 52 cents a share, for the
second quarter, ended last month, compared with $16.3
million, or 56 cents a share, a year ago. The company had
more shares outstanding during the latest period. Analysts
had given a mean projection of 51 cents a share for the
fiscal 1992 quarter, First Call said.
   Seagate Technology, a disk drive concern, rose 7/8 to 12
3/4. After the close it reported second-quarter earnings of
17 cents a share, down from net from operations of 36 cents a
share a year earlier, but above analysts' expectations
reported by First Call. In late Instinet trading, the stock
was quoted at 14 1/8.
   Biospherics jumped 1 3/4 to 10 1/4 after the company said
it received another patent related to D-Tagatose -- a sugar
substitute it is developing -- and said discussions with
potential joint venture partners are intensifying. News of an
earlier patent on the product sent the stock soaring last
April. It reached a 52-week high of 29 at that time before
plunging 11 points in one day after a skeptical article in
Barron's magazine. Biospherics traded at around 5 recently,
before beginning to advance last week.
   Michaels Stores rose 1 7/8 to 20 3/4. An offering of three
million additional shares of the specialty retailer's common
stock was made at $19 a share.
   Centocor fell 3 1/2 to 52 3/4. It and Tocor II Inc. filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission to increase the
size of their offering to two million units from 1.5 million.
The units will consist of a share of Tocor common and
warrants to purchase Centocor shares. Tocor is a new company,
formed to finance research at Centocor.
   Wilmington Trust rose 1 to 58 after the company reported
fourth-quarter net income of $1.09 a share, compared with
yearago earnings of $1.07 a share.
   Supertex jumped 1 1/8 to 6 1/2 and Marcam climbed 1 3/4 to
25. Both stocks were added to Hambrecht  Quist's "Selected
Stock List," Dow Jones Professional Investor Report said.
Parametric Technology, which was removed from the list, fell
1 3/8 to 68 1/2.
   ---
   Anne Newman contributed to this article.