Money-Fund Yields
   Remain Unchanged
   In Latest Measure
Assets of the 533 funds tracked by the Ashland, Mass.,
newsletter, meanwhile, declined by $1.8 billion, to $497.2
billion. Most of the outflow -- $1.4 billion -- was from
funds open only to institutional investors.
   Institutions were taking advantage of higher yields on
direct-market investments, said Walter Frank, chief economist
for Donoghue's. "Market yields are up quite a bit," he said.
"Money funds are in the catch-up game."
   Average maturity of taxable funds shortened by one day in
the latest week, to 56 days, Donoghue's said. While one-day
changes aren't considered significant, and 56 days is still
fairly long by money-fund standards, the average maturity was
63 days late last year. The maximum average maturity for
money funds under Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations is 90 days.
   The average seven-day simple yield remained at 3.72% while
the average 30-day simple yield eased to 3.75% from 3.77%,
and the average 30-day compound yield dipped to 3.82% from
3.84%.
   Yields on tax-exempt funds rose, but assets fell. The
average seven-day compound yield grew to 2.60% from 2.50%,
according to Donoghue's. The latest yield is equivalent to a
taxable 3.61% for an investor in the 28% tax bracket and to
3.77% for someone paying 31% in taxes.
   Assets of 295 tax-free funds fell by $663 million, to
$98.2 billion. Average maturity remained at 52 days.