Investors Pull Out
   Billions of Dollars
   From Money Funds
   ----
   By Georgette Jasen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"Sharp drops in assets . . . in the last week or two of
the calendar year are common, but the magnitude of last
week's decline dwarfed the previous largest weekly decline,
experienced in the pre-Christmas week of 1982," said Jacob
Dreyer, vice president and chief economist for the
Washington-based trade group.
   Separately, IBC/Donoghue's Money Fund Report said that
assets of the 521 taxable funds it tracks plummeted $12.5
billion in the week ended Tuesday, to $456.3 billion. It was
the largest drop the Ashland, Mass., newsletter ever
reported.
   With the stock market rising to record highs in the last
week of 1991, some investors probably shifted cash to stock
funds from money funds, said A. Michael Lipper, president of
Lipper Analytical Services Inc., which tracks mutual funds.
"It's an important part of the puzzle of where the money {to
fuel the stock market's rise} came from," he said.
   Money-fund yields are at their lowest since the Donoghue's
newsletter began tracking them in October 1975. The average
seven-day compound yield, which assumes reinvestment of
dividends, fell to 4.61% from 4.64% in the latest week,
according to Money Fund Report. Martha Wittbrodt, editor,
said she anticipates a bigger decline in the weeks to come as
a result of the Federal Reserve's recent move to cut
short-term interest rates.
   Ms. Wittbrodt said institutional investors typically take
money out of the funds at the end of the year because of
balancesheet considerations, and individuals make withdrawals
for holiday purchases.
   A little more than half the outflow -- $6.4 billion --
came from funds open only to institutions, Donoghue's said.
The Investment Company Institute said assets of 217
institutional funds dropped $14.98 billion, to $144.33
billion; assets of 280 general-purpose funds declined $2.89
billion, to $173.81 billion; and assets of 88 broker-dealer
funds fell $3.41 billion, to $139.62 billion.
   The average seven-day simple yield on taxable funds slid
to 4.51% from 4.53%, Donoghue's said. The average 30-day
simple yield declined to 4.56% from 4.61% and the average
30-day compound  yield eased to 4.66% from 4.72%.
   Average maturity of the taxable funds' investments --
which include commercial paper (short-term corporate IOUs),
Treasury bills and bank certificates of deposit -- shortened
by two days to 59 days. Ms. Wittbrodt said managers probably
want to improve liquidity in the face of increasing
withdrawals.
   Yields on tax-free funds rose, in response to increased
supply of short-term municipal securities at the end of the
year. The average seven-day compound yield, for instance,
jumped to 4.42% from 4.01%. The latest yield is equivalent to
a taxable 6.14% for an investor in the 28% tax bracket and to
6.41% for someone paying 31% in taxes.
   Assets of 291 tax-exempt funds fell $531.1 million, to $91
billion, Donoghue's said. Average maturity of the tax-free
funds' investments shortened by two days to 56 days.