What's News --
   Business and Finance
Banc One agreed to buy Team Bancshares, a closely held
Dallas bank, for $782 million in stock. The purchase will
make Ohio-based Banc One the second-biggest bank in Texas and
the 10th-largest bank in the U.S.
   ---
   BankAmerica won the Fed's approval to acquire Security
Pacific for more than $4 billion in stock in the biggest U.S.
bank combination ever. The transaction will make BankAmerica
only slightly smaller than Citicorp, the nation's largest
bank.
   ---
   The FDA is conducting a criminal inquiry into why a gel
sold by Optical Radiation for use in eye surgery was approved
despite indications it could cause problems including
blindness, say people familiar with the probe.
   ---
   One of six entries to develop a U.S. system for
high-definition television dropped out of the competition,
amid speculation that the remaining four front-runners could
share technology or even combine their proposals.
   ---
   Olympia  York is being jointly monitored by Canadian and
British regulators in a bid to keep the real estate
developer's troubles from destabilizing financial markets.
   ---
   Wall Street securities firms earned $1.6 billion in fees
for underwriting stocks and bonds so far in this quarter,
matching the previous quarterly record, with a week left in
the period.
   ---
   Microsoft is expected to announce today it is buying Fox
Software, a closely held Ohio company. The acquisition,
Microsoft's biggest, could help the software giant in its
assault on the market for PC database programs.
   ---
   Nestle reached a pact with Italy's Agnelli family that
would give the giant Swiss food company control of French
water bottler Source Perrier, according to people close to
Nestle. Under the accord, Nestle would boost its bid for
Perrier by up to 15%, valuing the company at about $2.6
billion.
   ---
   American General said the IRS is seeking at least $200
million in back taxes for 1985. The insurer said the agency
also disputes items as far back as 1977 and is likely to bill
the company further sums for those years.
   ---
   The Pentagon is reviewing the financial condition of its
top 20 contractors amid concerns about the defense industry's
health. Separately, a U.S. inspector said the Pentagon
secretly planned to funnel hundreds of millions of dollars in
unusual payments and other relief to McDonnell Douglas.
   ---
   Conner Peripherals and Alps Electric gained an edge in the
bidding for patents owned by Prairie Tek, an innovative maker
of personal-computer disk drives that is being liquidated. A
group including IBM and Digital Equipment also bid for the
patents.
   ---
   The pickup in retail sales so far this year doesn't signal
a sustainable recovery, a trade group said, predicting only a
2% real gain in 1992 sales.
   ---
   Volvo said it will install Procordia's Soeren Gyll as the
Swedish auto maker's chief executive in mid-May regardless of
the outcome of a proposed Volvo-Procordia merger.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 156,620,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3272.14, off 4.25; transportation 1417.04, off 16.63;
utilities 205.43, off 0.69.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4151.20, up 8.89.
   Commodities: Oil $19.13 a barrel, up four cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.90, off 0.28; spot index 117.86, off 0.03.
   Dollar: 133.37 yen, off 0.48; 1.6670 marks, off 0.0045.