International:
   Bancomer Completes
   Offering of Shares
   Totaling $836 Million
"This is a vote of confidence for Mexico and for the
financial system of Mexico," said Mr. Guajardo.
   Grupo Financiero Bancomer is a bank holding company formed
by Eugenio Garza Laguera, one of Mexico's best-known
capitalists and a banker ousted in the 1982 bank
nationalizations by the Mexican government. Separately, Mr.
Garza Laguera presides over Valores Industriales S.A., or
Visa, a beer and soda-pop concern based in Monterrey, Mexico.
Mr. Garza Laguera is chairman of both holding companies.
   A 22% stake in Bancomer will remain in the government's
hands, said Mr. Guajardo. Another 22% has been trading on the
Mexican stock exchange for many years.
   The offering of 500 million C shares and 108.3 million B
shares was sold in bundles of 20 American depositary receipts
or global depositary receipts. The offering was largely made
through private placements in the U.S. and Europe. A small
public offering was made in Mexico. The shares were priced at
$27.50 a bundle.
   Additionally, $290 million of equity was placed privately
before the offering to institutional investors
internationally.
   J.P. Morgan  Co. of New York was the lead underwriter for
the offering. The investment banker also led a group of
European banks in October in offering Grupo Financiero
Bancomer a $1 billion syndicated bridge loan for the bank
purchase. The $836 million placement technically closes next
Tuesday, though the ADRs begin trading this week, the bankers
said.
   Grupo Financiero was formed by the partial merger of
Bancomer with Valores de Monterrey S.A., another financial
holding company. Investors from Valores de Monterrey, led by
Mr. Garza Laguera, actually made the winning bid last October
for Bancomer. Valores now consists of an insurance company,
which controls about 30% of the Mexican market.