New Securities Issues
USX Corp. -- $200 million issue of debentures, due Feb.
15, 2012, was priced as 9 3/8% at 99.285 to yield 9.455%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 167 basis
points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated Baa-3 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-minus by Standard
 Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by First Boston Corp.
   Security Pacific Corp. -- $100 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 15, 1995, was priced as 6 1/2% at 99.953 to yield
6.517%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 110
basis points above the Treasury's when-issued three-year
note. Rated single-A-3 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP,
the issue will be sold through underwriters led by J.P.
Morgan Securities Inc.
   Mobil Corp. -- $200 million issue of notes, due Feb. 15,
1997, was won in competitive bidding by Morgan Stanley  Co.
and was priced as 6 1/2% at 99.91 to yield 6.521%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 25 basis points
above the comparable U.S. Treasury security. The issue is
rated double-A-2 by Moody's and double-A by SP.
   Ralston Purina Co. -- $250 million issue of debentures,
due Feb. 15, 2022, was priced as 8 5/8% at 99.86 to yield
8.638%. The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of
93 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated
Baa-1 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Union Pacific Corp. -- $200 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 15, 2002, was priced at par to yield 7.875%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 73.5 basis
points above Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-2 by
Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by First Boston.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by First Boston. The offering, Series Gold 1229, is
backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8% mortgage securities.
The issue settles April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Morgan Stanley. The
offering, Series Gold 1228, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%
mortgage securities. The issue settles March 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $375 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Merrill Lynch  Co. The
offering, Series 203, is backed by Freddie Mac Non-Gold 10%
securities. Final maturity dates assume no prepayments. The
collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 10.75%. The
issue settles March 30.
                                                                                                       

                          AGENCY
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $225 million issue of notes,
due Feb. 18, 1997, was priced at par to yield 6.54%. The
notes, which are noncallable for one year, were priced at a
spread of 26 basis points above the Treasury's five-year
note. The issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $258 million issue of notes,
due Feb. 21, 1995, was priced at par to yield 5.55%. The
notes, which are noncallable for one year, were priced at a
spread of 16 basis points above the Treasury's three-year
note. The issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $350 million issue of
floating-rate notes due Feb. 18, 1997, was won in competitive
bidding by Morgan Stanley and was priced to float monthly at
a spread of 75 basis points below the 11th district Cost of
Funds index. The notes were priced at par to yield 5.495%
initially. The notes pay interest quarterly.
                                                                                                       


                                                                                                       

   Council of Europe (agency) -- One billion Austrian
schillings of 8% public bonds due Feb. 28, 1994, priced at
101.00 via Creditanstalt-Bankverein. Co-lead Raiffeisen
Zentralbank Oesterreich AG (RZB). Fees 1 1/4.
   Swedish National Housing Finance Corp. (Sweden) -- 150
million Swedish kronor of 10.18% Eurobonds due Feb. 24, 1999,
at an initially fixed offer price of par via lead underwriter
IBJ International. Fees 0.3.
   Ente Ferrovie dello Stato (Italy) -- 500 billion lira of
fixed/ floating notes due March 12, 2002, at issue price 101
via joint lead underwriters Cariplo and Banca Nazionale de
Lavoro. The first coupon is 11.6125%, and thereafter at 0.20
points below the London interbank bid rate. There is a call
option in March 1995 at par. Guarantor the republic of Italy.
Fees 0.75.
   Ente Ferrovie dello Stato (Italy) -- 500 billion lira of
10.65% Eurobonds due March 5, 1999, at an issue price of
100.25 via Banco de Napoli and Banca Commerciale Italiana.
Guarantor the republic of Italy. Fees 0.75.
   Banque Nationale de Paris (France) -- 200 million marks of
8% Eurobonds due Feb 28, 2002, at issue price 102.70 via
Dresdner Bank AG. Fees 2 1/2.
   Development Bank of Southern Africa (South Africa) -- 200
million marks of 10% bonds due Feb. 27, 1998, priced at 101
1/4, via Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale. Guaranteed by
the republic of South Africa. Fees 2 1/8.
   Bridas SAPIC (Argentina) -- $50 million with an issue of
11 3/4% (semiannual) Eurobonds due Feb. 20, 1997 via Yamaichi
International (Europe) Ltd. Offered to investors initially at
a fixed price of 98.75, yield margin of about 5.80 points
above comparable Treasury. There is a sinking fund which
retires the bonds in three equal installments starting Feb.
20, 1996. Fees 1 1/2.
   ICI Finance Netherlands N.V. (U.K. parent) -- 150 million
Swiss francs of 6 3/4% public bonds due Feb. 28, 1997, priced
at 102 3/8 via Union Bank of Switzerland. Guarantee by
Imperial Chemical Industries PLC. Fees 2 1/8.