What's News --
   Business and Finance
Northwest Airlines, British Airways and KLM have been
discussing the possible formation of a global carrier that
would serve more passengers than any other Western airline.
The talks, still preliminary, underline a sense of urgency in
the industry.
   ---
   Citicorp expects to report a fourth-quarter loss of up to
$150 million, but the bank predicted a profit this period.
Citicorp stock rose $1.50 to $12.
                                                                                                       

   The Supreme Court let stand a ruling allowing Citicorp to
underwrite insurance through a Delaware unit.
   ---
   Corning's stock plunged $10.625 to $68.375 on renewed
controversy about breast implants made by Dow Corning, a
venture with Dow Chemical, whose shares fell less sharply.
   ---
   Oil prices surged in the wake of Venezuela's unexpected
cut in output. Other OPEC members, including the Saudis, are
likely to follow suit.
   ---
   Chase Manhattan posted a 30% drop in fourth-quarter
profit, a better showing than expected, while PNC Financial
reported healthy earnings, reversing a year-earlier loss.
   ---
   GM is recalling up to 1.5 million cars from the 1986 and
1987 model years to fix a stalling problem allegedly linked
to 300 accidents. Separately, GM appears to be preparing its
Allison Transmission unit for sale.
   ---
   World trade talks hit an impasse, with several nations
following the EC's hard-line position against deep cuts in
agricultural subsidies.
   ---
   Blue-chip stocks and bond prices fell. The Dow Jones
industrials lost 13.86 points, but small stocks gained.
   ---
   Ames's creditors would get $352.5 million in cash plus
100% ownership of the retailer under a reorganization plan
filed in bankruptcy court.
   ---
   Former makers of lead pigment won a victory in a suit over
injuries allegedly caused by lead paint.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks tumbled 3.1% Monday on futures-related
selling. They partly rebounded Tuesday morning.
   ---
   New York state's general obligation bonds and other debt
issues were downgraded by Standard  Poor's.
   ---
   Futures trading volume on U.S. exchanges fell 4.9% last
year from 1990 after 22 years of growth, reflecting a shift
to overseas markets.
   ---
   Wheat futures contracts rose to record prices and are
expected to in crease further amid evidence that U.S.
supplies are rapidly shrinking.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 200,270,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3185.60, off 13.86; transportation 1364.16, up 12.33;
utilities 213.51, off 2.56.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4305.55, off 26.07.
   Commodities: Oil $18.79 a barrel, up 56 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.24, off 0.28; spot index 113.37, up 0.64.
   Dollar: 127.05 yen, unchanged; 1.5775 marks, off 0.0070.