New Securities Issues
Iowa Electric Light  Power Co. -- $50 million of first
mortgage bonds, due March 1, 1999, won in competitive bidding
by a group led by Morgan Stanley  Co. The issue was
reoffered as 7.60% at 99.86 to yield 7.626%. The noncallable
bonds were priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the
Treasury's seven-year note. The issue is rated single-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $100 million of
stripped mortgage-backed securities trust 129, backed by
Fannie Mae 8 1/2% securities and offered by Morgan Stanley 
Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Scholastic Corp. -- An issue of 4.8 million common shares
priced at $22.50 a share through underwriters led by Goldman,
Sachs  Co. The size of the issue was increased from an
originally planned 4.3 million shares.
   Litchfield Financial Corp. -- An initial public offering
of one million common shares priced at $8.50 a share through
underwriters led by J.C. Bradford  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kingdom of Sweden (sovereign) -- auctioned three billion
kronor of 10 1/4% bonds due May 5, 2003, at an average yield
of 9.382%, via National Debt Office.
   Republic of Austria (sovereign) -- $400 million of 7 7/8%
Eurobonds due March, 26, 2002, at a fixed initial offer price
of 99.96 via Daiwa (Europe) Ltd. Spread 25 basis points above
the (semi-annual) yield on the current 10-year U.S. Treasury.
Fees 0.325.
   Alisa 2 (special purpose vehicle for repackaging mortgage
securities originated by U.S. federal agencies such as
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.) -- $120 million of floating
rate notes via Nomura International PLC. Pays interest once a
year at 1.1% above the prevailing six-month London interbank
offered rate and has an issue price of par. Fees 1.
   Abbey National Sterling Capital PLC (U.K. parent) -- #100
million of 10 3/8% subordinated Eurobonds due Jan. 29, 2002,
at an issue price of 100.95 via Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd.
Reoffered at 99.35 to yield a spread of 90 basis points above
the comparable government issue. Guaranteed by Abbey National
PLC. Fees 2.
   State Bank of New South Wales (Australia) -- 75 million
Swiss francs of 6 3/4% privately placed notes due March 25,
1997, priced at 101 1/4, via Swiss Bank Corp. Guaranteed by
the state of New South Wales. Fees 1 1/2.