Ford Posts a Narrowed 4th-Period Loss,
   But Ends '91 With $2.26 Billion Deficit
   ----
   By Neal Templin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The 1991 loss dwarfed Ford's previous record loss of $1.54
billion in 1980, when the company teetered on the edge of
financial disaster. Ford posted 1991 sales of $88.29 billion,
down 9.6% from 1990.
   As bad as they were, Ford's fourth-quarter results were
still an improvement from the year-ago period, when the
company had a loss of $519 million, or $1.11 a share. The
latest period marked the first time in 11 quarters that the
company bested its year-ago numbers. Ford managed to trim its
loss despite a 9.7% drop in world-wide vehicle sales, and a
23% increase in consumer incentives, from the year-ago
quarter.
   David N. McCammon, Ford's vice president for finance,
credited the company's $3 billion cost-cutting plan with
narrowing the loss and said the company would slash another
$1 billion from its costs in 1992.
   Ford is also trying to cut its costly consumer incentives
in 1992. The company's newest U.S. incentive program averages
$850 to $860 a vehicle, down from $1,165 a vehicle in the
fourth quarter. These lower incentives might stick, analysts
say, because Japanese car makers are preparing to raise their
prices in anticipation of pressure to slow their sales gains
in the face of U.S.-Japan trade tensions.
   Largely because of the lower incentive levels, analyst
Wendy Needham of Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co. now
predicts that Ford will break even in the first quarter.
Previously, she had forecast a loss of $300 million. Mr.
McCammon, however, declined to predict when Ford, which has
posted five consecutive quarters of losses, will go back in
the black.
   "A lot of what happens in 1992 depends how quickly the
markets come back in the U.S. and the United Kingdom," Mr.
McCammon said. Ford is predicting the U.S. economy will grow
1.5% to 2% in 1992, but Mr. McCammon cautioned that the
recovery was still "fragile."
   Last week, Chrysler Corp. reported a fourth-quarter profit
of $97 million, or 33 cents share, including the $127 million
it got for selling its stake in the DiamondStar Motors
assembly plant. General Motors Corp. plans to reports its
fourth-quarter results Feb. 24, with analysts predicting an
operating loss of $532 million to $750 million. In all,
analysts said the Big Three will report a cumulative 1991
loss approaching $8 billion, including the restructuring
charge GM plans to take in the fourth quarter.
   Despite its mammoth losses, Ford ended 1991 with $9.75
billion in cash, an increase of $3.67 billion from the end of
1990. Ford bolstered its balance sheet by selling $2.3
billion in convertible preferred stock late last year. The
company also sold off assets and increased its debt by $1.7
billion during 1991.
   "Our cash position is excellent and it will allow us to
pursue all our product plans without compromise," Mr.
McCammon said.
   Ford's debt position isn't so stellar. By year end, Ford's
debt-to-equity ratio had soared to 40.2%, an uncomfortably
high level for a company in a cyclical industry. That was up
from a 32% ratio at the end of 1990. If not for the preferred
stock sale, its debt-to-equity ratio would have approached
45% last year.
   Ford's fourth-quarter results contained few surprises,
analysts said. The company said its U.S. auto operations had
a loss of $506 million, down from a year earlier loss of $583
million. However, overseas losses rose to $206 million from
$123 million in the year-ago period.
   Ford's Jaguar unit continued to bleed. It had an operating
loss of $100 million in the fourth quarter, bringing its
full-year loss to $350 million. The British luxury car maker
sold only 25,000 cars last year, down from 42,000 cars the
year before.
   Mr. McCammon said that Jaguar has slashed its costs and
improved the quality of its cars, but that "the sales slump
was overwhelming the good things they have done."
   Ford's Financial Service Group continued to shine, earning
$236 million in the fourth quarter, a 26.2% increase from a
year ago. The finance group would have done even better
except for Ford's troubled thrift unit, First Nationwide
Financial, which posted a $25 million loss in the fourth
quarter. That compared to net income of $19 million in the
year-ago period.
   Separately, Ford said it will match "Buy America"
incentives of as much as $1,000 that its suppliers offer to
their employees for the purchase or lease of a new Ford or
Lincoln-Mercury vehicle. Ford's plan is similar to one
offered earlier this week by GM.