Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks End Year With More Highs,
   But Amid Some Words of Caution
   ----
   By Howard Hoffman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 4.92 points, or
0.2%, to finish the year at 3168.83. The blue-chip average
was up more than 20% in 1991, and more than 9% of the year's
advance came in the final two weeks of trading.
   Broader averages had even more spectacular gains. The
Standard & Poor's 500-Stock Index rose 0.5% on the day and
26% on the year to finish at 417.09. The New York Stock
Exchange Composite Index climbed 0.5% on the day and 27% on
the year to close 1991 at 229.44. The American Stock Exchange
Market Value Index jumped 1.3% on the day and 28% for the
year to end at 395.05.
   It was the Nasdaq market that eclipsed them all. The
search for value among smaller stocks all year took the
Nasdaq composite index was up 1.1% on Tuesday and almost 57%
for the year.
   Traders and analysts have been saying for the past week
that this market rally has its roots in lower interest rates
and economic prospects. The lower rates make stock
investments more attractive when compared with meager
fixed-rate returns. The lower rates also suggest a chance for
the economy to revive and lift corporate profits.
   That scenario isn't likely to change as the market enters
1992. But many traders and analysts believe the market won't
have one important underpinning that helped sustain the gains
of the past week.
   Traders said many portfolio managers were reluctant to
sell in recent days because they already had recorded good
gains for the year and wanted to show their portfolios fully
invested in good stocks in year-end reports. That opens the
possibility for portfolio managers eager to repeat the big
gains of 1991 to try some early-year selling to lock in some
1992 profits.
   Peter Anderson, president of IDS Advisory Group, said he
is wary of economic growth prospects and expects to be
selling to take some profits in the coming days.
   "For the year as a whole," Mr. Anderson said, "we'll be
lucky to get double-digit rates of return."
   Mr. Anderson isn't the only one expecting an early-year
pullback in stocks.
   "You can safely say it's overextended," warned James
Solloway, director of research at Argus Research. "I would
not be surprised to see a correction set in as early as
Thursday."
   Still, the predominant advice is to stick with stocks in
1992. A bond market surge has sunk yields on the 30-year
Treasury bond below 7.4%. Money market yields are 4% and
less. Stocks, particularly if recovery expectations become
real, seem to offer the only attractive potential yields. And
that is one of the primary reasons why so much money is
flowing to stocks.
   In the pharmaceutical sector, Syntex fell 1 5/8 to 48 1/4;
Pfizer was down 1 3/4 to 84, and Eli Lilly eased 1 3/8 to 83
1/2.
   SmithKline Beecham climbed 4 to 86 1/4. The Food and Drug
Administration approved its Ralafen (Nabumetone), a
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, for the treatment of
chronic arthritis. The drug is said to have low risk for
ulcers.
   Among building and construction stocks, Morrison Knudsen
gained 1 to 49 5/8; Kasler was up 1/4 to 12, and Fluor added
5/8 to 43 3/4.
   Owens-Corning Fiberglas rose 1 3/8 to 22 3/8. Comments
from its new chairman, Glen Hiner, may have helped calm many
investors' fears about asbestos litigation problems. Mr.
Hiner said the litigation "is an issue that can be managed
and handled."
   Oils were strong. USX-Marathon Group climbed 1 5/8 to 24
1/2. Exxon surged 2 3/8 to 60 7/8 and Sun Co. was 1 1/2
higher at 30 1/2.
   Some of the stock market's most widely followed stocks
finished the year with mixed results.
   American Telephone & Telegraph was down 1/4 to 39 1/8 on
the day. The stock rose 30% in 1991.
   General Electric was down 3/8 to 76 1/2 Tuesday. It gained
33% in the year.
   General Motors was up 3/8 to 28 7/8 on the last day of
1991. It fell 16% during the year.
   International Business Machines slid 1 3/8 points to 89.
That stock lost 21% in the past 12 months.
   Philip Morris shares gave back 3/8 point Tuesday to close
the year at 80 1/4. They were up more than 52% since Dec. 31,
1990.
   In other trading on the final day of the year,
Westinghouse Electric gained 3/8 to close at 18. The stock
had been as low as 17 and as high as 18 3/8 during the day
and was the most active issue, with 3.3 million shares
traded. Investor's Business Daily reported some analysts are
expecting more charges and more trouble from the
conglomerate's struggling finance unit.
   Tucson Electric Power added 1/8 to 4 1/2 when a bankruptcy
court judge threw out an effort to force the utility into
Chapter 11 proceedings.
   Carolco Pictures fell 1/4 to 1 7/8. On Monday, the motion
picture and video production concern offered to buy back all
of its 14% senior notes at a discount. Carolco also said it
won't renew the contract of its chief executive officer,
Peter Hoffman.
   CV REIT shares stumbled 1 point to 4 1/2. It warned that a
default by Cenvill Development on $49 million of mortgage
loans owed to CV REIT could hurt future earnings and
dividends.
   Wang Labs Class B shares were unchanged at 2 7/8. The
computer maker agreed to sell its Network Services unit to
Cable & Wireless Communications for $11 million.