SEC Charges Three
   For Insider Trades
   Of Dollar Savings
   ----
   By Sandra Block
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The SEC alleged that Mr. Swanson told two friends, Wayne
Johnston and Donald Stoudt, both of Hermitage, Pa., of the
merger talks in October 1989. Mr. Johnston proceeded to
purchase 1,400 shares of Dollar Savings stock, while Mr.
Stoudt purchased 600 shares, the SEC said.
   Dollar Savings and FNB Corp. announced they had reached a
merger agreement on Oct. 26, 1989. The news caused Dollar
Savings' stock to rise $3 per share, resulting in profits of
$3,250 for Mr. Johnston and $1,000 for Mr. Stoudt, the SEC
said.
   The SEC also alleged that in August 1990, Mr. Swanson
learned that FNB planned to file a lawsuit seeking to
terminate the merger agreement with Dollar Savings. The SEC
said Mr. Swanson told Mr. Johnston of the pending suit,
prompting Mr. Johnston to sell 1,400 of his Dollar Savings
shares on Aug. 15, 1990.
   On that same day, FNB announced that it had filed the
action, causing Dollar Savings' stock to fall $6 per share,
the SEC said. As a result of his stock sales, Mr. Johnston
avoided losses of $8,400, the SEC said.
   Without admitting or denying the allegations, Mr. Swanson
agreed to pay a civil penalty of $12,650, representing
Messrs. Johnston's and Stoudt's profits and losses avoided as
a result of the alleged insider trading. He also agreed to an
injunction barring him from future securities-law violations.
Mr. Johnston agreed to pay $23,300, representing his alleged
profits and losses avoided and a civil penalty, while Mr.
Stoudt agreed to pay $2,000 representing his alleged profit
and a civil penalty, the SEC said.