World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Retreat on Extremely Light Volume,
   But London Shares Firm, Frankfurt Posts High
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
In Tokyo Tuesday, the Nikkei index fell 67.54 points to
close the morning session at 20905.70.
   Monday's first-section volume was estimated at 130 million
shares, down sharply from 214.6 million shares on Friday.
Losers outnumbered gainers, 639-287, and 188 issues were
unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all-first
section issues, which rose 28.25 points Friday, dropped 14.84
points to 1536.82 Monday.
   Trading volume in Tokyo was among the lowest totals for
this year, as investors remained on the sidelines because of
caution about gloomy corporate earnings estimates. The
Nikkei's sharp advance Friday came on expectations for a
further credit easing by the Bank of Japan, but when the
Japanese government bond market weakened Monday on the yen's
fall against the dollar and large-lot selling of bond
futures, Friday's stock gains were erased. The bourse also
was discouraged by weekend reports on second-tier brokerage
houses, which are being sued for loss compensation, and on a
confusing report, which the Japanese government said was
unfounded, that the Finance Ministry was considering raising
taxes on stock trading profits, at a time when tax cuts are
being proposed.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index gained 17.4 points to 2559.7. The FT 30-stock index
rose 16.8 points to 1999.7. Volume declined to 440.5 million
shares from 569.5 million shares in the previous session.
   Futures-related activity sent market makers scurrying to
adjust prices in the early going to correspond with solid
gains in the futures market. But as Monday was the first day
of the new two-week trading account, turnover was sparse as
investors assessed the market's near-term direction in light
of Britain's political and economic uncertainties. In
addition, this week will bring many corporate earnings
reports, and investors wanted to examine the results before
taking any major positions.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 11.47 points to
1729.10, topping this year's previous high of 1717.63, as
foreign and German institutions seized on several bits of
positive news. The DAX's intraday peak of 1732.89 also marked
a high for this year.
   While Friday's rally in Frankfurt was almost entirely
inspired by futures and options expirations, it supported the
already bullish investor sentiment on the exchange in recent
weeks. Willingness to buy found further support Monday in
positive earnings news and a strong steel sector.
   Elsewhere in Europe, where trading overall was bullish,
Paris stocks were propelled higher for the sixth session in a
row, on technical factors and speculation that French
interest rates might be ready to come down a notch. Madrid
shares gained, boosted by speculation of an imminent easing
in interest rates. Profit-taking skimmed gains on many big
Asian and Pacific exchanges. But in Manila, shares surged on
a technical rebound led by commercial and industrial issues;
the market was buoyed partly by weekend news of the
Philippines' agreement with its creditor banks on a debt
restructuring program.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, Canon fell 10 yen
to 1,370 yen ($10.63). The camera maker's 1991 consolidated
pretax profit declined 5.3% to 146.46 billion yen ($1.14
billion) from a year earlier, as revenue gains were stripped
by the yen's appreciation and increased sales investment.
Sales rose 8.2% to 1.869 trillion yen. Canon forecast better
results for this year: a 10% rise in sales to 2.05 trillion
yen and an increase in pretax profit to 147 billion yen.
   Nissan dropped 10, or 1.6%, to 630. The auto maker said it
probably wouldn't achieve the earnings it forecast for the
fiscal year ending March 31, citing worse-than-expected
domestic sales and the effect of the yen's appreciation on
overseas earnings. Unconsolidated pretax profit could fall to
about 70 billion yen, down 13% from Nissan's prediction last
October and off 58% from year-earlier results. Nissan now
expects sales of about 4.26 trillion yen, down 0.9% from the
company's previous forecast, but up 2% from year-earlier
sales.
   Renown was unchanged at 551. The apparel maker posted an
8.22 billion yen pretax loss for 1991, citing a 1.5% decline
in sales 228.18 billion yen and losses from short-term stock
trading. But Renown had net income of 12.65 billion yen after
selling land.
   In London, Vickers rose 7 pence, or 4.3%, to 169 pence
($2.94), on a widely expected earnings deficit that was a bit
better than the market had expected. The defense contractor
and engineering concern posted a 1991 pretax loss of #12.4
million ($21.6 million), compared with year-earlier profit of
#96.5 million. Vickers cited operating losses and a #34.4
million exceptional restructuring charge at its Rolls-Royce
car division. The company slashed its annual dividend 39% to
6 pence a share.
   British Airways added 2 to 271. The carrier is pressing
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines to agree to give it a 70% stake
under a merger pact that is being negotiated, industry
sources said, confirming news reports that British Air was
opposed to KLM's offer of a 60% stake. British Air was said
to be concerned that a smaller stake would dilute shareholder
value and that KLM is operating at a loss while the British
airline is profitable. British Air declined to comment. In
Amsterdam, KLM shares closed at 40.10 guilders ($21.54), off
0.40.
   NFC fell 9, or 3.8%, to 230. The transportation group's
pretax profit for the 16 weeks ended Jan. 25 rose 3.9% to
#18.8 million from the year-earlier fiscal first quarter.
Lower interest payments more than offset a 2.2% decline in
operating profit to #21.8 million. The quarterly dividend was
raised 8.3% to #1.3 pence a share. NFC forecast profit for
the fiscal year of #90 million to #100 million, compared with
#93.7 million a year earlier. But the company said it didn't
see any signs of recovery in its main U.S. and British
markets that is needed to perk up earnings.
   In Frankfurt, Viag climbed 6.3 marks, or 1.7%, to 379.80
marks ($229.55). The industrial and trading company's 1991
pretax profit advanced 21% to 405 million marks ($244.8
million). Acquisitions helped boost sales and profit, more
than offsetting a slump in deliveries to the iron and steel
industry. The company said it might maintain its dividend at
8.50 marks a share.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This

                                                                                                       

   U.S. ...................   385.5      387.3     - 1.2
   Britain ................   757.0      757.8     + 2.7
   Canada .................   400.4      399.9     + 1.2
   Japan ..................   894.6      876.7     - 9.6
   France .................   552.8      549.6     +10.5
   Germany ................   264.6      263.5     + 8.8
   Hong Kong ..............  3486.5     3475.8     +12.6
   Switzerland ............   222.5      221.8     + 8.5
   Australia ..............   345.4      345.8     - 1.6
   World index ............   512.0      509.6     - 4.4
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

   ISSUE (COUNTRY)                       CLOSE      %CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Wilson Neill (N.Zealand)              0.090     +28.6
   Wang Laboratories B (U.S.)            6.250     +28.2
   Ence (Spain)                       1770.000     +22.9
   Partek (Finland)                     61.000     +22.0
   Tucson Electric (U.S.)                7.000     +21.7
   Central Norseman (Australia)          0.430     +19.4
   Bank of Boston (U.S.)                19.375     +19.2
   Hewlett-Packard (U.S.)               75.500     +18.7
   Cerus (France)                      129.300     +18.2
   Consolidated Freightways (U.S.)      19.250     +17.6
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Norske Data A (Norway)                4.100     -31.7
   LTV (U.S.)                            0.813     -27.7
   Camdev (Campeau) (Canada)            12.000     -20.0
   Norske Data B (Norway)                6.500     -18.8
   Uni Storebrand A (Norway)            55.000     -17.9
   Bow Valley Industries (Canada)        9.875     -17.7
   Hufvudstaden B (Sweden)              32.000     -15.8
   Hufvudstaden A (Sweden)              32.000     -15.8
   Industrial Bank Japan (Japan)      2470.000     -14.8
   Caltagirone Ord. (Italy)           3890.000     -14.5
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective