Pacific Telesis Net
   Fell 19% in Period
   Because of Charges
   ----
   By Mary Lu Carnevale
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Pacific Telesis, based in San Francisco, is the first of
the seven Baby Bells to announce fourth-quarter earnings. In
general, analysts expect lackluster results for the group,
mainly because their core telephone business has proved less
recession-resistant than it had been in earlier downturns.
   Growth in the number of new phone lines was hampered by
the recession. But the company has been aggressively cutting
costs, including reducing its work force by 3,300 last year.
In addition, Pacific Telesis has been upgrading its phone
network and has benefited from robust cellular markets. Last
year, the number of PacTel cellular subscribers rose 32% to
550,000.
   In the latest quarter, charges for an early retirement
program totaled $122 million; in 1990, charges totaled $72
million, primarily for a reserve to cover costs of leaving
the real estate business. Revenue inched up 1% to $2.47
billion from $2.44 billion in the 1990 quarter.
   For the full year, net slipped to $1.02 billion, or $2.58
a share, from $1.03 billion, or $2.59 a share, in 1990.
Revenue rose to $9.90 billion from $9.72 billion. Excluding
one-time charges and gains, however, per-share earnings were
$2.81, up from $2.77 cents in 1990.
   Pacific Telesis's management "is dealing pro-actively with
a tough economy," said Daniel Reingold, a telecommunications
analyst with Morgan Stanley  Co. The company, he said, is
ahead of schedule on its plan to pare its work force, and the
cellular business has been somewhat stronger than
anticipated.
   Pacific Telesis Chairman Sam Ginn said he was pleased with
the company's ability "to absorb the effect of the recession
and still turn in a strong financial performance." Mr. Ginn
also said the company's German cellular operations are
expected to start commercial service in April and begin
contributing to earnings in 1994. Pacific Telesis has a 26%
interest in one of two cellular licenses granted in Germany.
   During the year, the number of access lines rose 2.8% to
14.3 million, while use of the network rose to 43.8 billion
minutes, up 5.9% from 1990.