Railroad Agency
   Faulted at Hearing
   About Inspectors
   ----
   By Laurie McGinley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"This isn't a case of the fox guarding the chicken coop,"
she said. "It's the fox inside the chicken coop." She said
the agency tried to correct the situation a decade ago, but
didn't follow through.
   In response, FRA officials who testified at the hearing
said that they were moving to resolve the issue. "We agree
that these rights . . . do constitute an appearance of a
conflict," said Grady Cothen Jr., associate FRA administrator
for safety.
   FRA Chief Counsel Mark Lindsey, who appeared with Mr.
Cothen, said the agency last year directed 72 employees to
give up their re-employment rights, which are provided as a
result of collective-bargaining agreements between the
railroads and their unions.
   Of that number, he said, 16 did so, and the rest appealed
to the FRA administrator, Gilbert Carmichael, who is
reviewing the cases. The inspectors will be permitted to
appeal Mr. Carmichael's decision to the general counsel's
office of the Transportation Department.
   But Rep. Boxer said that the last time the FRA tried to
get rid of re-employment rights, the effort foundered when
the Transportation Department's general counsel failed to act
on the inspectors' appeals. The appeals went into the general
counsel's office and "disappeared," Mr. Cothen said. "No
action came out."
   But the FRA officials said it was unlikely that the
inspectors with re-employment rights show favoritism to their
former employers. Because of the relatively high level of
animosity between labor and management in the rail industry,
"these aren't people who are going to favor their old
employers," said Mr. Lindsey.