Marketing  Media:
   Coca-Cola, Nestle
   Venture Launches
   Nestea Iced Tea Drink
Nestea Iced Tea is lemon-flavored and will be sold in
11.5-ounce cans and 16-ounce glass bottles in both diet and
regular varieties. Coca-Cola Nestle said the cans will be
sold at soft-drink prices, while the bottles will compete
with other bottled teas sold for slightly higher prices.
   Mr. Teasley declined to comment on expected sales or
marketing efforts, which will begin in the second quarter. He
said the company plans to use extensive product sampling and
to make the new product widely available in vending machines.
   Annual growth in the $400 million readyto-drink tea market
is running at 15% to 20%, said Michael Bellas, president of
Beverage Marketing Corp. With the entry of Coke and Nestle,
as well as PepsiCo Inc.'s planned venture with Thomas J.
Lipton Co., sales may likely double in the next two to three
years, he said.
   Coke and Nestle are expected to aim their new product at
aging baby boomers, eager for alternatives to soft drinks,
Mr. Bellas said. Nestea Iced Tea lacks preservatives
contained in several products now sold and will appeal to
those interested in so-called new-age products with the
appearance of healthfulness.
   Analysts said last month's announced venture between
PepsiCo and Lipton pressed Coca-Cola and Nestle to come out
with the product they have been developing. Mr. Bellas
expects Pepsi to introduce its tea in the third quarter.