Dole's Profit
   Rose 50% in
   Fourth Period
The increase in net income surprised some analysts and
sent the stock up $1.50 in late trading on the New York Stock
Exchange, to $35.75.
   Dole Food, which is the former Castle  Cooke Inc. and is
controlled by developer David Murdock, its chairman, said the
fourth-quarter results were buoyed by higher earnings from
packaged foods and improved operating results at its citrus
operations.
   The company said net was "somewhat offset" by lower
earnings from its banana operations because of reduced prices
and higher costs. Results for its residential real estate
operations were higher in 1991 mostly because of increased
sales at its developments in Bakersfield, Calif., and Hawaii.
   But Dole also said its continuing development on the
Hawaiian island of Lanai resulted in a $39 million operating
loss for all of 1991, compared with a $19.2 million operating
loss a year earlier. "A key aspect of the plans for the
island is the future sale of 775 luxury homes, subject to
final zoning approvals," Dole said.
   Craig Silvers, an analyst at Crowell, Weedon  Co., Los
Angeles, said he and other analysts had lower expectations,
largely because of the banana-pricing issue. "I don't know if
they've truly turned the corner as far as overall
operations," he said, "but it looks like their gross margins
are making a comeback" from the third-quarter margins.
   For the year, net climbed 11% to $133.7 million, or $2.24
a share, from $120.5 million, or $2.03 a share, in 1990.
Revenue rose 6.7% to $3.2 billion from $3 billion.