Technology:
   Lotus's Share
   Of Spreadsheet
   Sales Rebounds
   ----
   By William M. Bulkeley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For all of 1991, Lotus said 1-2-3 spreadsheets captured
55% of the market.
   Lotus stock, which has risen sharply in recent weeks, fell
87.5 cents to $35.25 in over the counter trading yesterday.
   Robert Weiler, senior vice president, marketing, said that
despite mediocre reviews, 1-2-3 for Windows captured about
30% of the Windows spreadsheet market, but he said "the
Windows applications market isn't growing as fast as we
anticipated." He said that Lotus will soon distribute to
customers free repairs for 1-2-3 for Windows that will make
it much faster than the original version and make it quicker
to scroll around the spreadsheet. The product's slow speed
has been a major complaint of users.
   Lotus said that sales of 1-2-3 for computers that use
Microsoft Corp.'s DOS operating system rose strongly in the
second half last year, winning substantial share against
Borland International Inc. Aggressive pricing and clever
marketing had made Borland's Quattro Pro spreadsheet a major
competitor. Lotus said that its share of the DOS spreadsheet
revenue rose to 91% in the fourth quarter from 78% in the
first quarter last year. It said its unit share rose to 67%
in the fourth quarter from 31% in the first quarter. Mr.
Weiler said, "our major competitor is essentially gone."
   In Scotts Valley, Calif., a Borland spokeswoman said its
sales were weak in the fourth quarter but said sales have
risen "dramatically" in recent weeks with the introduction of
a new version of Quattro Pro for DOS. Borland still hasn't
introduced a version for the Windows operating system,
although its developers are working on one.