What's News --
   Business and Finance
Securities firms would be required to value their holdings
at current market value under one of Bush's tax proposals.
The change would cost the industry $4 billion through 1997.
   ---
   Greenspan said he believes current Fed policy will bring
economic recovery, probably in the second quarter, along with
a continuing de cline in long-term interest rates. The Fed
chief also said the bank system's worst problems appear to be
over.
                                                                                                       

   Stock and bond prices tumbled on Greenspan's comments
indicating the Fed won't ease credit soon. The Dow Jones
industrials fell 47.18 points to 3224.96 in heavy trading.
Treasury bond prices lost more than a point. The dollar,
meanwhile, ended mixed.
   ---
   Bush's budget plan indicates his willingness to use
savings on military spending to pay for a tax cut, widening
the deficit. But in his official numbers, he proposes to pay
for tax relief by scaling back benefit programs.
                                                                                                       

   The president's proposal assumes economic growth of 2.2%
this year, but many economists are skeptical.
   ---
   The economy grew only slightly in the fourth quarter, at
an annual rate of 0.3%, despite lower interest rates. The
sluggish showing followed a 1.8% growth rate in the third
quarter.
   ---
   Bethlehem Steel posted a $638 million fourth-quarter loss
after a $575 million charge to quit the bar, rod and wire
business. The steelmaker also plans to cut 6,500 jobs, 25% of
its staff, and to omit its dividend. The company's stock sank
$2.25 to $13.75.
   ---
   Mutual fund investors poured a record $7.4 billion into
stock funds in December. Fund companies say the sales pace
continued this month.
   ---
   Macy's banks are being forced, under pacts signed before
the retailer entered Chapter 11, to lend the company about
$600 million despite a risk that the loans won't be fully
repaid.
   ---
   Boeing's profit jumped 27% in the fourth quarter on
better-than-expected results in its defense unit. But Boeing
stock slid $3 to $50.625 on speculation of a loss in jetliner
orders.
   ---
   Westinghouse cut its dividend by almost 50%, saving about
$240 million a year in a move to shore up shaky finances. The
company also plans to sell $500 million in preferred stock.
   ---
   Gulfstream plans to sell 17% of its stock to the public
less than two years after a Forstmann Little group bought the
jet maker from Chrysler.
   ---
   Unisys and Motorola reached an accord for Unisys to turn
over its computer chip making to Motorola.
   ---
   Sun Co. and Ontario's government plan to sell up to 45% of
their Suncor venture to the public. The offering could raise
as much as $522.2 million.
   ---
   Seoul set up a committee to restrain investment in North
Korea by South Korea's conglomerates, some of which have met
with Pyongyang officials about potential deals.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 248,900,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3224.96, off 47.18; transportation 1348.65, off 7.67;
utilities 212.13, off 1.38.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4217.42, off 35.74.
   Commodities: Oil $18.89 a barrel, off 28 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 123.44, up 0.51; spot index 115.44, off 0.18.
   Dollar: 125.75 yen, unchanged; 1.6014 marks, up 0.0014.