Marketing  Media:
   Stanfill and Ladd
   Co-Star in Remake
   Of Pathe's MGM
   ----
   By Richard Turner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Credit Lyonnais S.A., the French state-owned bank that
controls MGM-Pathe, reportedly has been looking for a buyer
for the company but has abandoned that effort for awhile. Mr.
Stanfill, with credibility in financial circles, is expected
to send a message that the bank is committed to revitalizing
the studio with a view toward its future sale. The bank's
exposure at MGM-Pathe is reportedly close to $1 billion.
   Mr. Stanfill, 64 years old, was chairman from 1971 to 1981
of the former Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp., now a unit of
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Mr. Ladd, 53, was his production
chief for some of those years, and together they shared
several triumphs, most notably "Star Wars" in 1977. Mr. Ladd
resigned in 1979 to form an independent production company at
Warner Brothers, and associates say tension between the two
executives was partly the reason for the split.
   "One works all of these things out," Mr. Ladd said in an
interview. "I've never had anything but complete support from
{Mr.} Stanfill in the making of movies. We disagreed about
some policy decisions, but that's in the past. I want to get
back to making movies."
   In a separate interview, Mr. Stanfill said: "My purpose is
to join with Alan Ladd and rebuild this company and its proud
traditions."
   He helped rehabilitate a struggling public-television
station, and earned a reputation as a specialist in
rebuilding troubled entities. In 1984, he was a serious
candidate for the top job at Walt Disney Co.; the post
subsequently went to Michael Eisner. Most recently, Mr.
Stanfill has served as chairman of a debt-laden, financially
troubled videotape post-production company.
   The financial affairs of of MGM-Pathe have been handled by
Charles Meeker, who had been the bank's lawyer at the firm of
White  Case. He is president of the movie company.