Technology:
   FDA Urged to Pick
   New Panel of Experts
   On Breast Implants
On Jan. 6, FDA Commissioner David Kessler called for a
moratorium on the use of silicone implants, saying that the
current advisory panel would meet within 45 days to consider
new information about implants, including anecdotal reports
from rheumatologists indicating a possible link between
silicone gel and immune-system disorders in women. Dr.
Kessler has left open the date for a final ruling.
   Norman Cole, president of the group, said immune disorders
are rare in women and that scientific data should be
evaluated by experienced clinicians and researchers. "Such an
analysis cannot be provided by a panel whose voting members
include only one epidemiologist and no rheumatologists," Dr.
Cole said.
   Meanwhile, Standard  Poor's Corp. lowered its ratings on
senior debt of Dow Corning Corp., one of the biggest makers
of breast implants.
   SP left intact its debt ratings on Dow Chemical Co. and
Corning Inc., which are 50-50 partners in Dow Corning, a
Midland, Mich., chemical and health company.
   SP said its action was based on the FDA moratorium and on
a $7.3 million jury award in San Francisco to a woman who
said she suffered from immune disorders resulting from her
implants.
   Dow Corning called SP's move "not surprising" and said
that the "fundamental financial strength of Dow Corning will
be basically unchanged."
   SP downgraded Dow Corning senior debt to single-A from
single-A-plus and lowered its rating on Dow Corning
commercial paper to A-1 from A-1-plus.