New Securities Issues
Morgan Stanley Group Inc. -- A $400 million two-part issue
of debt securities was priced through underwriters led by
Morgan Stanley  Co. The first part, which consists of $300
million of notes, due Jan. 15, 1997, was priced at par to
yield 7.32%. The notes were priced at a spread of 100 basis
points above the comparable Treasury. The size of the issue
was increased from an originally planned $200 million. The
second part, which consists of $100 million of debentures,
due Jan. 15, 2007, was priced at par to yield 8.33%. The
debentures were priced at a spread of 130 basis points above
the Treasury's 10-year note. The issue is rated Single-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard
 Poor's Corp.
   Gulf States Utilities Co. -- A $300 million two-part issue
of first mortgage bonds was priced through underwriters led
by Goldman, Sachs  Co. The first part, which consists of
$150 million of first mortgage bonds, due Jan. 1, 2002, was
priced at par to yield 8.21%. The bonds were priced at a
spread of 118 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
The second part, which consists of $150 million of first
mortgage bonds, due Jan. 1, 2022, was priced at par to yield
8.94%. The bonds, which are non-refundable for 10 years, were
priced at a spread of 140 basis points above the Treasury's
30-year bond. The issue is rated Baa-3 by Moody's and
triple-B-minus by SP.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million of
debentures, due Jan. 22, 2002, was won in competitive bidding
by underwriters at Merrill Lynch  Co. and was priced at par
to yield 7 1/2%. The debentures, which are noncallable for
one year, were priced at a spread of 47 basis points above
the Treasury's 10-year note.
   Baltimore Gas  Electric Co. -- $125 million of first and
refunding mortgage bonds, due Jan. 15, 2007, was won in
competitive bidding by Lehman Brothers and was priced with a
7 1/2% coupon at 98.411 to yield 7.68%. The noncallable bonds
were priced at a spread of 65 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. The issue is rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
   Thomas  Betts Corp. -- $125 million of 8 1/4% senior
notes, due Jan. 15, 2004, was priced at 99.264 to yield
8.348%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 130
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-3
by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Southern Natural Gas Co. -- $100 million of notes, due
Jan. 15, 2002, was priced with a 7.85% coupon at 99.881 to
yield 7.867%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread
of 88 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
singleA-3 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
   Golden West Financial Corp. -- $100 million issue of 7
7/8% subordinated notes, due Jan. 15, 2002, was priced at
99.013 to yield 8.02%. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
Rated Baa-1 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue
will be sold through Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Deutsche Bank Financial Corp. -- $100 million of 5 5/8%
medium-term notes, due Jan. 30, 1995, was priced at par with
a yield of 5.63%. The yield on the notes is slightly higher
because of the "short" first coupon date which means that
investors will get their interest payment quicker. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 20 basis points
above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated triple-A by both
Moody's and SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by First Boston Corp.

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   USX-Marathon Group Inc. -- An issue of 22 million common
shares was priced at $22.375 a share through underwriters led
by Lehman Brothers Inc. The size of the issue was increased
from an originally planned 20 million shares.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   California Department of Water Resources -- $653 million
water system revenue bonds, Central Valley Project, Series J,
(comprising $97.4 million Series J-1 bonds, $368.4 million
Series J-2 bonds and $187.8 million Series J-3 bonds), due
Dec. 1, 1992-2006, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2020, 2022, 2023, and
2024, were tentatively priced by a Dillon Read  Co. group to
yield from 2.70% in 1992 to 6.38% in 2020. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 2.70% in 1992 to 6.10%
in 2006. There are about $125 million term bonds priced with
a 6 1/8% coupon to yield 6.32% in 2010. There are about $75
million term bonds maturing in 2011 and 2012 with a coupon
rate of 7 1/2% that were not formally reoffered to investors.
There are about $185 million term bonds priced with a 6 1/8%
coupon to yield 6.38% in 2020. There are about $50 million
term bonds priced with a 5 1/2% coupon to yield 6.25% in
2022. There are about $13 million term bonds priced with a 5
1/2% coupon to yield 6.25% in 2013. There are about $7
million term bonds priced with a 5 1/2% coupon to yield 6.25%
in 2024. The bonds are rated double-A by both Moody's and
SP. Bonds maturing in 2011 and 2012 are noncallable.
   Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority -- $122.9
million sales tax revenue bonds, Refunding Series N, due July
1, 1995-2006, 2009 and 2018, were tentatively priced by a
Goldman Sachs group to yield from 4.60% in 1995 to 6.35% in
2018. Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from
4.60% in 1995 to 6.10% in 2006. There are $13.2 million term
bonds priced with a 6.20% coupon at 99.13 to yield 6.28% in
2009. There are $57.9 million term bonds priced with a 6 1/4%
coupon at 98.72 to yield 6.35% in 2018. The bonds are rated
single-A by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP. The bonds are
noncallable.
   Durham County, N.C. -- $98.2 million various general
obligation bonds, Series 1992, (composed of $84.1 million
public improvement bonds, Series 1992, due Feb. 1, 1993-2011
and $14.1 million waste and sewer bonds, Series 1992, due
Feb. 1, 1993-2012), apparently were won by a Goldman Sachs
group with a bid setting the net interest cost at 5.6324%.
The bonds, rated triple-A by both Moody's and SP, were
priced for reoffering to yield from 3 3/4% in 1994 to 6% in
2011 and 2012. Bonds maturing in 1993 were not formally
reoffered to investors.
   Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority --
$72.5 million housing revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, due Nov.
1, 1993-3003, 2007 and 2012, were tentatively priced by a
First Boston Corp. group to yield from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.63%
in 2012. Current interest serial bonds are priced at par to
yield from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.20% in 2003. There are $16.7
million term bonds priced with a 6 1/2% coupon at par in
2007. There are $26.08 million term bonds priced with a 6.63%
coupon at par in 2012. The bonds are rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and single-A by SP.
   Albuquerque, N.M. -- $58.5 million joint water and sewer
system revenue bonds, Series 1992, due July 1, 1996-2004,
2008 and 2017, were tentatively priced by a Smith Barney,
Harris  Upham  Co. group to yield from 4.80% in 1996 to
6.38% in 2017. Current interest serial bonds are priced at
par to yield from 4.80% in 1996 to 6% in 2004. There are
$21.6 million term bonds priced as with a 6 1/4% coupon at 99
to yield 6.35% in 2008. There are $25 million term bonds
priced with a 5 1/2% coupon at 89 to yield 6.38% in 2017. The
bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $390 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage securities was
offered by Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The
offering, Series Gold 1208, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 9%
mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

                          AGENCY
                                                                                                       

   Federal Farm Credit Banks -- $315 million of debentures,
due Feb. 3, 1997, was won in competitive bidding by Lehman
Brothers and priced at par to yield 6.43%. The debentures,
which are noncallable for one year, were priced at a spread
of 17 basis points above the Treasury's five-year note.
   Student Loan Marketing Association -- $300 million of
floating-rate notes, due Jan. 23, 1997, was priced to float
weekly at a spread of 40 basis points above the Treasury's
three-month bill. The noncallable notes, which will pay
interest quarterly, were underwritten by Merrill Lynch  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kreditanstalt fuer Wiederaufbau (Germany) -- 500 million
marks of zero-coupon bonds due Feb. 5, 2002, at 47.54 via
Commerzbank AG. Fees 7/8.
   Landeskreditbank Baden-Wuerttemberg Finance N.V. (German
parent) -- 750 million marks of zero-coupon bonds due Feb.
19, 2002, at 47.35 to yield 7.76% via Trinkaus  Burkhardt.
Guaranteed by Landeskreditbank Baden-Wuerttemberg. Fees 2
1/2.
   BP America Inc. (U.K. parent) -- 200 million marks of 8
1/8% bonds due Feb. 4, 2002, at 102.35 to yield 8.18% via
CSFB Effectenbank AG. Guaranteed by British Petroleum PLC.
Fees 2 1/2.
   Asian Development Bank (supranational) -- 50 billion yen
of 5 5/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 18, 2002, at issue price 99.95
via Bank of Tokyo Capital Markets Ltd. Reoffered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 99.95 to yield 5.63%. Fees
0.325.
   Dainippon Ink  Chemicals Inc. (Japan) -- 15 billion yen
through an issue of 6 1/4% Eurobonds due April 28, 1999, at
issue price 101 5/8 via Nikko Europe Ltd. Reoffered to
investors intially at a fixed price of 100.10 to yield 6.23%.
Fees 1 7/8.
   Compagnie Bancaire (France) -- $150 million (Canadian) of
8 1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 19, 1997, at issue price 101.45 via
Nomura International PLC. Reoffered to investors intially at
a fixed price of 99.875 to yield 8.28%, a margin of 0.60
above the semiannual yield on the Canadian government's 8
1/4% bond due March, 1997. Fees 1 7/8.
   Australian National Railway Commission (Australian) -- $50
million (Australian) of 9 1/2% Eurobonds due Feb. 25, 1999,
at an issue price of par via Westpac Banking Corp. Yield
10.03% annually after fees. Guaranteed by the commonwealth of
Australia. Fees 2.
   Commerzbank AG (Germany) -- 150 million Swiss francs of 7%
public subordinated bonds due Feb. 26, 2002, priced at 102
1/4 via Swiss Volksbank. Fees 2 7/8.