Amgen Inc. Reports
   Profit of $60 Million
   For Fourth Quarter
In the year-earlier quarter, Amgen had a loss of $28
million, or 24 cents a share, after a one-time $50 million
charge for repurchase of certain future rights to the
company's Neupogen cancer-treatment drug. Revenue more than
doubled to $210 million from $91.2 million.
   Neupogen sales in the quarter were $86.8 million. Total
sales since the drug's launch a year ago have been $232
million, including $13 million in Europe. Amgen's more mature
drug, Epogen, aimed at kidney dialysis patients, recorded
sales of $116.3 million in the quarter and $409.4 million for
the year.
   For all of 1991, net income soared to $97.9 million, or 67
cents a share, from $3.9 million, or three cents a share,
after the royalty-related charge. Profit in 1991 was
depressed by a $129 million pretax charge for damages
assessed against the company by a private arbitrator for
violating a marketing agreement.
   Excluding one-time charges, 1991 profit more than tripled
to $186 million, or $1.28 a share, from $56 million, or 44
cents a share, Amgen said.
   Amgen's 1990 results were restated to reflect a change in
its fiscal year end to Dec. 31 from March 31. Per-share
amounts were adjusted to reflect a 3-for-1 stock split
distributed last September.