Marketing  Media:
   PG Sells Caprenin
   To Mars, Achieving
   Product's First Sale
Privately held Mars's MM/MARS division said it will begin
selling the new candy bars on the West Coast in April.
Because the bar uses caprenin and polydextrose instead of
other fats, it will have 25% fewer calories than the original
Milky Way bar, MM/MARS said.
   Caprenin is the first low-fat food product that PG has
brought to market. Unlike its fat substitute olestra, which
has been awaiting Food and Drug Administration approval since
1987, caprenin is made of fatty acids already found in other
fats, such as peanut oil and those found in milk and cheeses.
Caprenin has only five calories a gram instead of nine
calories a gram found in other fats.
   PG has filed a "generally regarded as safe," or GRAS
petition, seeking FDA concurrence that the product is safe.
The FDA hasn't approved the petition yet and isn't likely to
make a decision this year, a spokesman said.
   Since caprenin ingredients occur naturally in other foods,
PG can market the product without FDA approval, the FDA
said. PG has "a right to go to market and we have a right to
challenge them," said George Pauli, a branch chief in the
FDA's food and color additive division.
   A spokesman for MM/MARS said he's not worried about using
caprenin as a Milky Way II ingredient before getting FDA
approval. "It's an insignificant risk if it's a risk at all,"
he said.