Marketing  Media:
   Capital Cities
   Net Drops 34%
   Charge Is Cited
   ----
   By Kevin Goldman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Net dropped to $103.2 million, or $6.17 a share, from
$157.5 million, or $9.34 a share, a year earlier.
Consolidated income before the extraordinary charge was
$134.4 million, or $8.03 a share. Revenue rose slightly, to
$1.56 billion from $1.55 billion.
   "The company delivered exactly what Wall Street was
anticipating," said Peter Appert, an analyst at C.J.
Lawrence, Morgan Grenfell Inc. He added that the first
quarter is "off to a slow start," though he still expects
"they will come through with modest gains."
   The company's shares were trading late yesterday at
$423.50, up $6, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
   During the fourth quarter, Capital Cities/ABC redeemed
$687.5 million of debentures and senior notes paying interest
rates as high as 11 5/8%. An after-tax extraordinary charge
of $31.2 million, or $1.86 a share, resulted from the
transactions, and the company said the redemptions will
result in lower after-tax interest expenses in future
quarters.
   Capital Cities/ABC said it took the charge to redeem $200
million of 11 3/4% subordinated debentures due 2013 and its
$300 million of 11 5/8% debentures due 2015. Last month, it
redeemed $187.5 million of 10.8% senior notes due in 1993 and
1994.
   The company's broadcasting operations, which include the
television and radio networks and stations, posted a 17%
decline in operating earnings. The ABC Television Network
reported "substantial earnings declines" because of the
softness in advertising. Revenue for the television network
and stations was down "slightly," the company said. Though
the company doesn't break down those results, analyst David
Londoner of Wertheim Schroder  Co. estimated that the
network had an operating profit of about $55 million and the
TV station group had operating profit of about $120 million.
   The network is rated No. 3 in households for the
19-week-old season, according to A.C. Nielsen Co. But it is
No. 1 in a coveted audience segment, men 18 to 49 years old,
and tied with CBS Inc.'s network for No. 2 for women in that
age group.
   Earnings for Capital Cities/ABC's other broadcast
operations decreased moderately in the quarter. Video
operations posted "significant" revenue increases primarily
because of the increased subscription base of its 80%-owned
all-sports cable ESPN network.
   Publishing operations earnings increased 23% in the
quarter and revenue increased marginally because of gains at
its nine daily newspapers.
   For the year, net dropped 28%, to $343.5 million from
$477.8 million, and revenue decreased slightly to $5.38
billion from $5.39 billion.