Fuqua to Post Loss
   Of Over $26 Million
   For Fourth Quarter
The company didn't release an estimate of fourth-quarter
sales.
   "We thought it best to get this information out to the
investment community as soon as we knew about it," said
Frederick B. Beilstein, Fuqua's senior vice
president-treasurer and chief financial officer.
   The company said the restructuring it underwent in 1991
will put it in a good position to make a profit in 1992.
   Fuqua, which has operations in lawn and garden equipment,
photo finishing and sporting goods, said the anticipated
fourth-quarter loss was due in large part to additional
restructuring charges at Snapper, its lawn and garden
equipment unit, for obsolete equipment and excess inventory,
plus increased promotional charges.
   The company said another principal reason for the loss was
an increase in reserves for its Qualex photo-finishing
operations to cover the cost of expected plant closings as a
result of recent acquisitions.
   Snapper cut production in 1991 to enable its distributors
and dealers to whittle away excess inventory, which is now
"at an eight-year low at the retail level," Mr. Beilstein
said.
   For all of 1991, Fuqua expects to report a loss in excess
of $50 million, or more than $3 a share. For 1990, it
reported a net loss of $235,000, or one cent a share, on
sales of $972.3 million. That loss included $16.6 million in
nonrecurring charges and a $977,000 gain from the repurchase
of debt.