Reliance Group's Loss
   Narrowed in Quarter;
   Deficit Posted for '91
Reliance reported a quarterly loss of $10 million, or 14
cents a share, compared with a loss of $53.9 million, or 73
cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 27% to $944.5
million from $738.8 million. Income from continuing
operations was $10.6 million, including a $67.2 million gain
on sale of debt securities, compared with a 1990
fourth-quarter loss from continuing operations of $70.7
million, including a loss of $71.7 million on fixed-income
securities.
   But Reliance took a $20.8 million loss on its Frank B.
Hall Co. insurance brokerage unit, which it is treating as
discontinued operations. Reliance recently said it would seek
to sell its 85% fully diluted stake in the company.
   For the year, Reliance reported a loss of $145.6 million,
or $1.97 a share, compared with earnings of $104.5 million,
or $1.40 a share in 1990. Revenue was off 7% to $3.39 billion
from $3.66 billion. The results included a loss of $29.9
million from Hall's discontinued operations.
   Reliance also had investment gains of $51.5 million,
compared with 1990 investment losses of $172.9 million. But
the company added $103 million to loss reserves for its
property/casualty insurance operations last year, and 1990
included a $380.5 million pretax gain on sale of its General
Casualty Co. of Wisconsin unit.