Horsham Is Planning
   Public Offering of Shares
   In Its Clark Oil Unit
The announcement sharply boosted Horsham's share price,
which closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading
yesterday at $9.625 a share, up 75 cents.
   Standard  Poor's Corp. said it will consider raising its
rating on Clark's $200 million of senior secured and $225
million of senior unsecured debt as a result of the proposed
share offering. The New York rating agency said that a
reduction in debt would result in Clark's "profitability and
cash flow ratios also realizing solid improvement."
   Toronto's Horsham acquired its stake in Clark, which is
based in St. Louis, in 1988, with the remaining interest held
by Paul Novelly and Samuel Goldstein, two executives of Apex
Oil Co., Clark's former parent. Messrs. Novelly and
Goldstein, through their AOC L.P. holding company, "have
advised of their intention to impede this proposed public
offering," Horsham said.
   Officials at Horsham and Clark declined further comment.
Messrs. Novelly and Goldstein weren't available to comment.
   Separately, Horsham said Paul Melnuk was named president
and chief operating officer of Horsham and of Clark,
succeeding Jeremy Garbutt at both companies. Mr. Melnuk, 37
years old, previously was executive vice president and chief
financial officer at both companies. Mr. Garbutt, who retains
no executive roles at Horsham, was named to the new position
of vice chairman of Clark.