Business Brief:
   Hartmarx Posts Wider Quarterly Loss,
   Omits Dividend Payment on Common
Latest results include a charge of $9 million, or 40 cents
a share, for costs associated with the consolidation of the
Hartmarx Specialty Stores and Kuppenheimer units into the
Hartmarx Retail Group.
   Sales fell 5% to $318.9 million from $336.4 million. The
company operated fewer stores than a year earlier, but sales
at stores open at least a year also fell 6.2%.
   Harvey A. Weinberg, chairman and chief executive officer,
called the performance "disappointing," but contended
Hartmarx has taken action to strengthen itself "as the
recession ends."
   He said the company will focus on its profitable core
wholesale apparel businesses; expand its Kuppenheimer's men's
retail business, primarily through departments in Sears
stores; and continue to shrink its specialty store and Old
Mill women's retail operations. He predicted the moves will
result in "dramatic improvement" in the current year.
   As for omitting the dividend, which the company has paid
since 1939, Mr. Weinberg said strengthening the company's
balance sheet is now its priority. The dividend suspension
will save $15 million annually.
   For the year, the net loss narrowed to $38.4 million, or
$1.74 a share, from $61.5 million, or $3.11 a share, after a
charge of $51 million, or $2.59 a share, for store closings.
Sales fell 6% to $1.22 billion from $1.3 billion.