GOP Seeks Wider
   Name Disclosure
   In Check Abuse
   ----
   By Jeffrey H. Birnbaum
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The Democrats continue to advocate the disclosure of only
24 names -- 19 current members of the House and five former
members. And the letters detailing overdrafts wouldn't be
mandatory.
   The number of names disclosed is central to the debate.
Merely being labeled an abuser is likely to end many
lawmakers' political careers. Some House Republicans are
calling for even wider disclosure, and they plan to meet
today to discuss their position.
   The House Ethics Committee's report, obtained late last
night, calls the House Bank "lax" and "haphazard." It singles
out for criticism the bank's supervisor, House
Sergeant-at-Arms Jack Russ. It said Mr. Russ "misused" his
position by cashing 19 bad checks with a total face value of
$56,100 in slightly more than a year.
   The report also said that an unidentified bank teller
cashed 28 overdrafts with a total value of $9,138. Both Mr.
Russ and the teller covered the checks eventually.
   The check-cashing scandal threatens to rock the House this
week, when the lawmakers are expected to vote on how many
"abusers" will be named publicly. Of the 24 lawmakers cited
by the Democratic majority, the worst abuser had 996
overdrafts and the least active abuser had 81 over the 39
months ending Oct. 3, 1991, the report said.
   The report also found that 100 members wrote at least 45
bad checks during the period, and that 133 others had five or
fewer overdrafts.