Enserch Copr. Warns
   Of Big Write-Down
   On Oil, Gas Assets
Enserch said that as of Dec. 31, falling prices of oil and
natural gas had eroded the carrying value of its reserves to
within $88 million of a "prescribed" Securities and Exchange
Commission ceiling. With prices falling even lower so far
this year, the spokesman said that "cushion" continues to be
eaten away and will likely become negative, at which time the
company will have to write down the difference.
   The company's stock price fell on news of the possible
write down. In composite trading yesterday on the New York
Stock Exchange, Enserch closed at $12.75, down 25 cents.
   Yesterday, Enserch also reported fourth-quarter net income
of $3.9 million, or one cent a share, down from $46 million,
or 66 cents a share, for the 1990 period. Revenue rose to
$795.6 million from $793.1 million. The latest quarter
included a gain of $4 million, compared with a $20 million
gain in 1990, both on asset sales.
   For the year, the energy company earned $19 million, or
seven cents a share, on revenue of $2.83 billion. For 1990,
Enserch reported net of $81 million, or $1.36 a share, on
revenue of $2.82 billion. The 1991 net income included gains
of $10 million from asset sales, while the 1990 earnings
included $42 million in gains from asset sales and $19
million from settlements with the Internal Revenue Service.