Circus Circus Net
   Increased by 29%
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By pauline Yoshihashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The company's two Laughlin, Nev., casinos accounted for
much of the growth in operating profit, particularly the
Edgewater which benefited from the opening of a 988-room
tower in February 1991.
   Circus Circus Las Vegas and Excalibur, the company's two
big casinos on the Las Vegas strip, both posted single-digit
drops in operating results despite occupancy rates of nearly
100%. James W. Muir, chief operating officer, said the
recession continued to depress per-capita spending.
   Interest expense for the quarter dropped about $3 million
to $9.3 million. For the year, Circus Circus trimmed its
long-term debt to $338 million from $497 million.
   For fiscal 1992, net rose 36% to $103.3 million, or $1.84
a share, from $76.3 million, or $1.39 a share, in fiscal
1991. Fiscal 1991 results included a write-off of $11.2
million in preopening expenses for Excalibur. Revenue rose
16.5% to $806 million from $692.1 million in fiscal 1991.
   William G. Bennett, chairman and chief executive officer,
said the company's low-cost structure should help it benefit
from any upswing in consumer spending. John Uphoff, an
analyst with Raymond, James  Assoc., said the company's
properties, particularly Excalibur, tend to be good
indicators of local market conditions as their results tend
not to be distorted by big swings in operating costs, bad
debt and other factors.
   Separately, the company's board approved the redemption of
its $100 million principal amount of 10 1/8% senior
subordinated notes due 1997. The call price is 102.89, a
premium to the original issue price of 97.71.
   The redemption, scheduled for April 15, will result in an
estimated charge against first-quarter earnings of $3.6
million, or six cents a share. Mr. Bennett said the
redemption will help the company free up cash flow as it
replaces the notes with bank lines.
   Circus Circus stock closed at $44.75, down $1.375, in
composite New York Stock Exchange trading Friday.