Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Finish Mixed as Rate News
   Offsets Sizable Gain in Retail Sales
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index eased 0.14 to 403.89 and
the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index lost 0.25 to
223.30.
   Declining stocks topped advancers, 1,016 to 629. New York
Stock Exchange volume totaled 180,240,000 shares, down from
Wednesday's 185,320,000.
   "People are tugging back and forth here," said Brad
Weekes, manager of sales trading at Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette.
   The debate began with the morning's report that retail
sales rose 1.3% in February, surprising many economists. An
earlier survey conducted by Dow Jones found expectations for
about an 0.8% increase.
   Some market watchers celebrated the sign of solid economic
strength and started buying stocks yesterday. But others eyed
the consequent rise in bond yields as a bearish signal and
sold shares.
   Don R. Hays, director of investment strategy at Wheat
First Butcher  Singer, said he was buying stocks yesterday
for the first time since early January. While Mr. Hays cited
technical signals for his shift, he said the strengthening
economic picture adds weight to the shorter-term evidence.
   "We're expecting now that earnings projections are going
to be sharply upgraded," said Mr. Hays, making current share
prices look cheap.
   The 8% yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond made bonds
look better to some investors yesterday, however. As yields
climb, many investors sell stocks and buy the more certain
returns offered by bonds. The bond yield broke above 8% for
the first time since last November. Increasing economic
activity generally drives rates higher. Shorter-term rates
also rose, including the yield on five-year notes, which
reached nearly 7%.
   Silicon Graphics dropped 4 3/4 to 21 7/8, topping the
most-active list with volume of more than five million shares
after agreeing to buy Mips Computer Systems in a stock-swap
merger. Mips rallied 2 1/2 to 13 1/2 in Nasdaq trading.
   Telefonos de Mexico's American depositary receipts lost 1
to 53 1/4. Salomon Brothers analyst Stephanie Georges said
that based on her conversations with Telefonos management,
the Mexican government is likely to sell half of its
remaining 9.7% stake in the telephone company within the next
few months. Speculation about the timing of a stock sale has
been overhanging the shares while weakness in the Mexican
market has added pressure to the stock.
   Gap Inc. added 1 7/8 to 44 3/4 after yesterday morning's
strong retail sales report drew buyers back to the stock.
   Lands' End rose 1 1/2 to 34 3/4. On Wednesday, the company
reported fourth-quarter profit of $1.10 a share, up from 78
cents a share a year ago.
   Dayton Hudson, however, lost 5 5/8 to 61 1/4. It reported
fourth-quarter profit of $2.60 a share, down from $3.21.
   AMR jumped 2 3/8 to 77 1/2. Late Wednesday, it told
analysts that its American Airlines' March traffic and costs
should be a little better than previously expected. Some
analysts raised their first-quarter earnings estimates as a
result.
   Federal Express, which is expected to report fiscal
third-quarter profit on Monday, rallied 1 3/4 to 52 5/8,
erasing Wednesday's 1 1/8-point decline.
   BET Holdings jumped 1 1/2 to 16 3/8. Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette added the stock to its recommended list yesterday
morning. The stock has been under pressure since it reported
flat fiscal second-quarter profit earlier this month.
   Schlumberger rose 2 1/8 to 57. Goldman Sachs repeated a
"buy" rating on it.
   Ultimate slipped 1/8 to 2 3/4 after reporting a fiscal
third-quarter loss of 62 cents a share, including a charge,
compared with year-ago profit of 22 cents a share.
   Black  Decker fell 3/4 to 23 1/2. It filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission to offer all of the shares
of its information systems business as well as 18 million
shares of its own common.
   Constar International fell 1 1/4 to 36 1/2. Kemper
Securities cut its investment rating on the plastic container
maker to "hold" from "long-term buy." Kemper cited the threat
of rising raw material costs as a reason for the downgrade.
   Kansas Gas  Electric lost 1 1/8 to 32 1/8. The company's
merger with Kansas City Power  Light has been delayed
pending an investigation into a "loud noise" heard during the
start-up of Kansas GE's 47%owned Wolf Creek nuclear power
station. Kansas City Power lost 3/4 to 40 1/2.
   Consolidated Edison added 1/4 to 27 after the New York
State Public Service Commission approved a 4.5% rate increase
and endorsed other changes that could raise rates as much as
19% over the next three years.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 2.26
to 403.59.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   KANSAS POWER  LIGHT Co.'s planned merger with Kansas Gas
 Electric Co. was delayed pending analysis of a sound heard
Feb. 28 at the Wolf Creek Generating Station; Kansas GE owns
47% of the nuclear plant. In Friday's Abreast of the Market
column, the name of Kansas Power  Light was misstated.
   (WSJ March 16, 1992)