Chrysler Reports Profit of $97 Million
   For 4th Period, Thanks to Sale of Stake
   ----
   By Bradley A. Stertz
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Chrysler would have had a loss of $30 million if not for
the $127 million it got from selling its stake in the
Diamond-Star Motors assembly plant to its partner, Mitsubishi
Motors Corp.
   The earnings, which were in line with analysts'
expectations, barely dented the huge losses Chrysler piled up
earlier in the year. The auto maker finished 1991 in the red
by $795 million, or $3.28 a share. The loss includes a $257
million, or $1.06 a share, charge the company took in the
first quarter of 1991 to change the way it accounts for sales
incentives.
   In the 1990 fourth quarter, Chrysler earned $31 million,
or 14 cents a share. For 1990, net income was $68 million, or
30 cents a share.
   Given the dismal shape of the industry in last year's
fourth quarter, Chrysler's automotive loss turned out to be
relatively modest. Auto analysts are expecting losses of $907
million to $1.4 billion for General Motors Corp. and Ford
Motor Co. combined.
   But Chrysler Chairman Lee A. Iacocca isn't ready to say
his company is turning the corner after a prolonged slump. In
a prepared statement, he said that "1991 was an extremely
difficult year . . . and in 1992 we're in a new and tougher
year, if that's possible."
   He added that the first quarter of this year will be
difficult for Chrysler because of substantial costs it will
incur to finish developing and to launch three new vehicles.
As a result, Chrysler said it expects a first-quarter pretax
loss that could "significantly exceed" the $74 million pretax
loss it booked in the fourth quarter before the gain on
selling its joint-venture stake.
   Chrysler's stock, which has enjoyed a rapid runup in
recent weeks fell 25 cents a share yesterday and was quoted
at $16.25 in late New York Stock Exchange composite trading
(see Heard on the Street column).
   Chrysler finished the year with $3.04 billion in cash and
marketable securities compared with $3.36 billion a year
earlier. Company executives have said they feel comfortable
with at least $2 billion in ready funds from its automotive
operations. At the end of last year, Chrysler had $2.2
billion in cash from its auto businesses.
   But heavy spending on new plants and products is taking
its toll on Chrysler's resources in other ways, especially
with car sales sluggish. At the end of last year, Chrysler's
immediate bills exceeded its cash, marketable securities and
money owed to the company by $464 million. At year-end 1990,
the auto maker had $2.19 billion more than its accounts
payable.
   Meanwhile, Chrysler reported that its unfunded pension
liabilities ballooned to $4.4 billion in 1991 from $3.6
billion a year earlier.
   Chrysler said its revenue fell 3.9% for all of 1991 to
$29.4 billion. Chrysler had revenue of $8.2 billion in the
fourth quarter compared with $7.6 billion a year earlier.
   The auto maker's financial services unit, which was
hampered by rising borrowing costs and a sinking credit
rating for most of last year, reported net income of $38
million for the quarter and $276 million for the year. That
compares with net income of $56 million for the quarter and
$313 million for the year in 1990.
   Separately, Chrysler Financial Corp. Chairman John P.
Tierney said yesterday that efforts to line up a minority
shareholder in the subsidiary are "on hold at the present
time."