New Securities Issues
General Motors Corp. -- A $400 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 15, 1997, was priced as 7 5/8% at 99.976 to yield 7.63%.
The non-callable notes were priced at a spread of 100 basis
points above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated single-A-2
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led
by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Burlington Northern Inc. -- A $200 million issue of senior
unsecured notes, due Feb. 25, 2022, was priced as 8 3/4% at
98.644 to yield 8.88%. The non-callable notes were priced at
a spread of 95 basis points over the yield on the Treasury's
30-year bond. Rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B by SP, the
issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch
 Co.
   Baker Hughes Inc. -- A $150 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 15, 1999, was priced as 7 5/8% at 99.438 to yield 7.73%.
The non-callable notes were priced at a spread of 70 basis
points above the comparable Treasury. Rated single-A-3 by
Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   Republic National Bank of New York -- A $150 million issue
of senior bank notes, due Feb. 25, 1993, was priced at par to
yield 4.35%. The non-callable notes from the unit of Republic
New York Corp. were priced at a spread of 16 basis points
above the bond equivalent yield on the one-year Treasury
bill. Rated double-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by SP, the
issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch
 Co.
                                                                                                       

                     MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Allegheny County, Pa. -- An issue of $178.065 million
airport revenue bonds, Series 1992 A, (Greater Pittsburgh
International Airport issue), due Jan. 1, 1994-2007, 2012 and
2022, were tentatively priced by a Smith Barney, Harris Upham
 Co. group to yield from 4.50% in 1994 to 6.97% in 2022.
Current interest serial bonds are priced at par to yield from
4.50% in 1994 to 6.80% in 2007. There are $27 million term
bonds priced as 6.80% at 98.92 to yield 6.90% in 2012. There
are $91.33 million term bonds priced as 6.63% at 95.68 to
yield 6.97% in 2022. The bonds are insured by Financial
Security Assurance and rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- A $1.466 billion
issue of Fannie Mae real estate mortgage investment conduit
(REMIC) mortgage securities is being offered by Bear, Stearns
 Co. The offering, Series 1992-43, is backed by Fannie Mae
8.5% 30-year mortgage-backed securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon of 9.125%, and a weighted average
maturity of of 29.34 years.
                                                                                                       

                        EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Canandaigua Wine Co. -- An issue of 2.05 million common
shares was priced at $20 a share through underwriters led by
Bear, Stearns  Co.
   Chemtrak Inc. -- An initial public offering of two million
common shares was priced at $13 a share through underwriters
led by Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   European Investment Bank (agency) -- $500 million Eurobond
offering due March 4, 1999 as 7 1/8% at 99.786 via Credit
Suisse First Boston Ltd. At the initial fixed offer price the
bonds yield 7.04%, a margin of 0.05 point above the current
seven-year Treasury note.
   Sumitomo Cement Co. (Japan) -- $150 million of 3%
Eurobonds with equity-warrants attached due March 5, 1996, at
an issue price of par via Nomura International PLC.
Denominations of $5,000 plus one warrant to purchase shares
in the company at terms to be fixed on Feb. 25. Exercise
period of the warrants will run from March 18 to Feb. 22,
1996.
   Crediop (Italy) -- 500 billion lira of 10.65% Eurobonds
due March 18, 2002, at an issue price of 101.60 to yield
10.70% annually after discounting fees via Istituto San Paolo
di Turino. Tax exempt for Italian investors.
   Western Australia Treasury Corp. (Australia) -- 100
million Australian dollars of 10 1/2% Eurobonds due March 24,
1999, at an issue price of 101.95 via Hambros Bank Ltd.
Guaranteed by the Treasurer of Western Australia. At a
discount of 1.85 point, the bonds yields 42 basis points
above the interpolated Australian government bond curve.
   Nationale Nederlanden Australia Ltd. (Dutch parent) -- 65
million Australian dollars of 10% Eurobonds due April 1, 1997
via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd. Guaranteed by
International Nederlanden Verzekeringen N.V.
   Kanematsu Corp. (Japan) -- 220 million Swiss francs of
privately placed convertible notes due March 31, 1996 with a
fixed 6 1/2% coupon at par, via Yamaichi Bank (Switzerland).
No put option. Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible
from March 16, 1992 to March 20, 1996 at a 2 1/2% premium
over the closing share price Feb. 20, when terms are fixed.