Who's News:
   Wagner to Succeed
   Baker in Top Posts
   At Air Products
   ----
   By Scott McMurray
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Wagner, 56, is a 30-year veteran of the liquified gas
company. He has hopped from one executive post to another in
the U.S. and Europe, on both the gases and chemical sides of
the company, as he worked his way up the executive ladder at
Air Products. The peripatetic manager was named president and
chief operating officer just last July. Prior to that, he
spent barely a year as executive vice president for the
company's gases and equipment businesses, which followed a
two-year stint as president of Air Products Europe.
   To try and ensure continued growth at the company
regardless of the ups and downs of the U.S. economy, Mr.
Wagner says he intends to follow Mr. Baker's lead in
promoting Air Products' foreign businesses. When Mr. Baker
took the helm in 1986, about 27% of sales were with foreign
customers. For the fiscal year ended last September, foreign
sales totaled 40% of Air Products' $2.93 billion in sales.
Mr. Wagner is confident that foreign sales can top 50% by the
latter half of the decade.
   For fiscal 1991, the company reported net income of $249
million, or $4.45 a share, compared with $230 million, or
$4.15 a share, in fiscal 1990.
   Also helping to cushion the U.S. recession's impact is the
fact that a substantial portion of the company's gas
contracts are longer-term "take or pay" agreements that
aren't affected by quarter-to-quarter changes in industrial
output. About two-thirds of the company's sales are from its
gases business, and about one-third from chemicals.