International:
   Taiwan Trade Surplus,
   At Odds With Policy,
   Increased 6.4% in 1991
The rise in the surplus runs counter to government policy
-- and commitments to the U.S. -- to reduce the country's
trade imbalances. But Sheu Ke-sheng, director-general of the
government's Board of Foreign Trade, said he is confident
that the increase won't be repeated this year. "I don't think
this small amount of increase will have any serious political
repercussions," he said. The government projects a trade
surplus in 1992 of between $10 billion and $11 billion, Mr.
Sheu added.
   Private-sector economists agree that the surplus is likely
to narrow in the coming year as imports of capital goods for
major infrastructure projects being launched under the
country's Six Year Plan accelerate and as the impact of the
New Taiwan dollar's recent appreciation cuts into exports.
   In a development that underlined the importance of trade
flows within Asia, Taiwan's trade surplus with Hong Kong
emerged as the country's largest bilateral surplus in 1991.
Economists estimate that more than 40% of all exports to Hong
Kong represent goods bound for China, while Taiwan government
officials put the percentage at between 33% and 40%. The
surplus with Hong Kong totaled $10.49 billion, up 47.5% from
$7.11 billion the year before, while the surplus with the
U.S. was $8.21 billion, down 10% from $9.12 billion in 1990.
(Despite the decline in the bilateral surplus with the U.S.,
Taiwan's exports to the American market actually rose 2.6% to
$22.32 billion.)