High Court Refuses
   To Hear Appeal
   On Seabrook Plant
   ----
   By Diane Tracy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Seabrook plant cost much more to build than expected,
and some municipalities that are part of the Massachusetts
Municipal consortium would like to get out of ownership
obligations that require them to pay a proportional share of
debt service.
   Massachusetts Municipal's member utilities in the Seabrook
contract had been ordered by the courts to continue to make
debt payments on $517 million in bonds issued by
Massachusetts Municipal to finance about half of its 11.6%
Seabrook stake.
   The Massachusetts utilities had challenged the validity of
their contracts with Massachusetts Municipal after the
Vermont Supreme Court in 1988 allowed six small Vermont
utilities to get out of their Seabrook contracts. After the
move by the Vermont utilities, Massachusetts Municipal
invoked a "step-up provision" that required the other
utilities involved in the contract to pick up the Vermont
utilities' share of the costs.
   Massachusetts Municipal said the petition to the U.S.
Supreme Court was returned to the municipal utilities of
Hudson and Peabody, Mass., as "jurisdictionally out-of-time,"
meaning it was filed after the deadline for appealing the
state court's Aug. 22 ruling.
   Massachusetts Municipal, a consortium of municipal
utilities in the state, said rejection of the petition
removes a "major obstacle to MMWEC's efforts to refund a
large portion" of its outstanding debt. It said final
resolution of the contract validity and step-up challenges
"removes two key issues that have effectively barred MMWEC
from financial markets for more than two years."
   The consortium said it plans to refund its high-interest
bonds -- some with rates over 13% -- with new bonds at more
favorable interest rates.