What's News --
   Business and Finance
Stock mutual funds posted an 8.3% fourth-quarter surge and
a full-year gain of 35.6%, marking their best annual
performance in 24 years and beating the S&P 500's 30.4% rise.
Small-company funds gained 51.6%.
   ---
   Bush officials are discussing targeting a middle-class tax
cut at families with children. The president, meanwhile,
signaled he is willing to alter the 1990 budget law to let
defense cuts be used to reduce taxes.
   ---
   Factory orders rose 0.6% in November after a 1.9% October
increase, indicating to some economists that the nation's
manufacturing sector may soon begin to stabilize.
Manufacturers reduced their inventories in November to a 12
1/2-year low, while factory shipments rose 0.5%.
   ---
   Many big retailers reported weak December sales,
suggesting no revival in sight for consumer spending.
Same-store sales rose an estimated 2% from bleak year-earlier
levels. Analysts expect more stores to close this year and
more retail chains to seek bankruptcy court protection.
   ---
   Revco's creditors failed to give any of three competing
reorganization plans an overwhelming majority, leaving the
timing of the drugstore chain's exit from Chapter 11 in
doubt.
   ---
   The Treasury is considering curtailing its sales of
30-year bonds because their yields haven't fallen as much as
rates on short-term issues. Some economists contend such a
move would save the government money and stimulate the
economy by lowering long-term interest rates.
   ---
   Seoul stock prices soared Saturday, for a two-day rise of
6.5%, as foreign investors were allowed to en ter the market
for the first time. But shares were mixed early Monday as
investors turned cautious about the steep rise in prices.
   ---
   Many small businesses are already benefiting from lower
interest rates as they accelerate their expansion plans and
product introductions and in some cases reduce prices.
   ---
   Movie ticket sales sank an estimated 6.4% last year, and
few in Hollywood predict a turnaround soon. The decline is
the second in a row.
   ---
   Seaman Furniture filed for Chapter 11 protection, four
years after KKR took the company private.
   ---
   SciMed's stock soared $8.25 to $90.50 on the news that the
company will soon introduce three products.
   ---
   A U.S. judge approved an accord between Maxwell
Communication's British and U.S. court-appointed overseers
that calls for reorganizing the company as a leading
publisher with its Macmillan unit at the core.
   ---
   Wachovia expects to post a fourth-quarter loss of about
$40 million after taking nearly $142 million in charges
linked to the bank company's purchase of South Carolina
National.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 219,170,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3201.48, up 29.07; transportation 1350.71, up 8.59; utilities
225.59, up 1.13.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4316.47, off 7.25.
   Commodities: Oil $19.23 a barrel, off 26 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 120.21, up 0.04; spot index 110.06, up 0.40.
   Dollar: 124.65 yen, up 0.20; 1.5435 marks, up 0.0125.