Technology:
   Murdoch to Digitize
   His Publications
   For Hand-Held PCs
   ----
   By Patrick M. Reilly
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The digital information that NED will create is for a new
array of machines that represent a convergence of the
consumer electronics and PC industries. A number of
companies, such as Apple Computer Inc., are busy creating new
gadgets called "personal digital assistants," which are
something of cross between a cellular telephone and a Boss or
Wizard executive organizer. NED would only supply the data
for such machines, which will be able to send and retrieve
data from larger computers.
   Some companies, such as McGraw-Hill Inc., Knight-Ridder
Inc. and Dow Jones  Co., already provide digital information
through phone lines, though News Corp.'s plan also envisions
sending data via cellular networks.
   Mr. Evans said he is currently in negotiations with
leaders in both the consumer electronics and computer
industry to form a "series of alliances" that would position
News Corp.'s NED as a main supplier for the emerging
technology.
   Mr. Evans said an example of the new technology could be a
businessman calling up a city road map and weather
information, or a news service and sports news, via a
hand-held "personal communicator." Initially, News Corp.
would be able to deliver full graphics, text and some sound
to the new devices.
   The first customers of the digital information are
expected to be PC operators with modems that can retrieve
information through telephone lines or from a cellular phone
network. The data would later be available for the hand-held
machines.
   Mr. Evans in the 1980s was head of News Corp.'s consumer
and trade magazines, where he also invested in developing
electronic publishing properties. Most recently, he oversaw
Mr. Murdoch's U.K. newspaper operations.