Marketing  Media:
   RJR Tobacco Unit
   Plans New Version
   Of Winston Brand
   ----
   By Kathleen Deveny
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The introduction is part of a broader effort by the
tobacco unit of RJR Nabisco Holdings Inc. to prop up its
waning full-priced cigarette brands with new products. For
example, the company is launching a fatter version of its
Camel filter cigarettes. And last year, it concocted new
packaging for Winston and Salem cigarettes designed to keep
them fresh longer.
   But it is open to question whether today's increasingly
value-oriented smokers will warm up to a new full-priced
permutation -- or even understand how it differs from the
standard Winston brand.
   To lure Marlboro smokers, the company says, Winston Select
will contain a new blend of tobacco, intended to give a
slightly smoother, milder flavor. But the new smoke will
deliver the punch macho smokers expect. Winston Select will
contain about 18 milligrams of tar and 1.4 milligrams of
nicotine -- comparable to regular Winston.
   Packs for the new cigarettes will be a deeper red and will
have a larger version of the brand's trademark gold eagle
than the traditional Winston packaging. "It's meant to give
the new brand a premium look," said a spokeswoman for the
company.
   Company officials said advertising for Winston Select is
being developed by Trone Advertising, a small agency based in
Greensboro, N.C. Trone helped develop the company's
controversial Old Joe campaign for its Camel brand. Thanks in
part to Joe Camel, R.J. Reynolds has had some success in
attracting youthful Marlboro smokers to its Camel filters.
Despite Trone's involvement in the launch, the company said
FCB/Leber Katz Partners in New York will remain the main
agency for the Winston brand.