Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Climb 19.68 as Investors
   Turn Interest to Energy Sector
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 19.68 points at
3245.08. Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index rose 2.68 to
413.77 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index added
1.28 to 228.93.
   Oil drillers, whose shares are still down on average of
about 35% from a year ago, were the leading group in the
market.
   Rowan Cos. jumped 3/4 to 6 1/2, Parker Drilling added 1/4
to 5 1/4 and Energy Service Co. remained at 1 5/8. Among oil
field equipment companies, Schlumberger rose 1 1/2 to 60 and
Halliburton added 1 1/8 to 28 3/8.
   Among the major oil stocks, Chevron rose 1 1/8 to 65 3/4,
Texaco added 1 1/2 to 60 3/4 and Mobil gained 1 3/4 to 65.
Exxon, whose Katy, Texas natural gas-processing plant was
closed Friday because of a fire, eased 1/8 to 58 3/8.
   Some other cyclical stocks found favor among investors.
The stocks are generally expected to rise along with the
economy. Within the industrial average, for example,
Caterpillar jumped 2 3/8 to 49 7/8. Late Friday, the
heavy-machinery maker called off a partial lockout of United
Auto Workers at two of its plants.
   Meanwhile, biotechnology, the highestflying sector of the
market, was hit with profit-taking. Barron's again played a
role in the move with an article that forecast a retreat in
the stocks. Most of the issues trade on the Nasdaq
over-the-counter market, however.
   New York Stock Exchange advancing stocks led declining
stocks, 1,062 to 658. Big Board volume totaled a light 184.4
million shares, down from Friday's 231 million.
   While individual sectors drew interest, the overall market
was quiet as investors waited for an expected move by the
Federal Reserve. Friday's report that the nation's number of
non-farm jobs dropped in January raised expectations that the
central bank soon would ease interest rates further. Then,
when the Fed signaled that it was keeping monetary policy on
hold Friday, stocks sold off sharply.
   The market ignored a similar signal by the Fed yesterday,
however, as investors awaited another slew of economic data
at the end of the week.
   Technology stocks fared well yesterday.
   Unisys, on the comeback trail, topped the most-active list
with a 1 1/4-point rise to 9 3/8 on volume of more than 5.7
million shares. International Business Machines recovered 1/2
to 89 3/4. Digital Equipment gained 3 to 56 3/8 after
announcing a marketing pact with Microsoft and an expanded
networking alliance with Novell. Cray Research added 1 1/4 to
43 3/8. USA Today columnist Dan Dorfman reported that the
National Aeronautics and Space Administration might be
interested in buying a Cray supercomputer.
   Elsewhere on the energy front, Maxus Energy jumped 1 1/4
to 7 1/4. Barron's reported that McDonald  Co. analyst Jack
Aydin likes Maxus, which is down about 40% since he first
recommended it.
   Triton Energy continued to climb, adding 1 1/4 to 46 3/4
in anticipation of a report on the size of its celebrated
Colombian oil field. Triton owns about a 20% working interest
of the prospect, with the balance shared by British
Petroleum, the operator, and Total Compagnie Francais de
Petroles.
   Boeing fell 1 3/8 to 48 after UAL said it plans to
"significantly" cut back its aircraft orders. Boeing said
that while the cutbacks will delay some of its deliveries to
UAL, none of its outstanding UAL orders has been canceled.
   General Motors rose 7/8 to 34 7/8. GM executives said that
the company is determined to break even this year, even if
the U.S. car market remains moribund. Ford added 3/4 to 34
while Chrysler eased 1/8 to 16 1/4.
   Whirlpool rose 3 to 43 1/2 after it reported
fourth-quarter profit of 58 cents a share, compared with a
loss of 78 cents a share a year ago.
   Metal stocks gained. Aluminum Co. of America rose 1 1/8 to
65 1/8, Amax added 1/2 to 20 and Phelps Dodge rose 3 to 76
1/2.
   Magma Copper added 3/4 to 6 1/2. The company's Robinson
property, an open-pit copper and gold mine in Nevada, shows
promise, according to a feasibility study.
   Shaw Industries agreed to acquire Salem Carpet Mills in a
$65 million merger. Shaw's shares jumped 4 1/8 to 44 on the
news, while in over-the-counter trading, Salem rose 2 3/16 to
7 11/16.
   Home Shopping Network is in talks with several companies
in Japan, Germany and the U.K. about joint ventures that
would involve their taking a stake in the company, according
to USA Today's Mr. Dorfman. Home Shopping rose 3/8 to 6 1/4.
   Hercules Inc. rose 1 7/8 to 48 1/8. Merrill Lynch boosted
its 1992 earnings estimates for the specialty chemical
concern and upgraded its rating on the stock.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 0.27
to 415.14.
   Garan Inc. jumped 6 5/8 to 54 3/8. The company's fiscal
first-quarter profit rose to $1.50 a share from 83 cents a
share a year ago. Garan boosted its dividend to 30 cents a
share from 25 cents.