International:
   U.S.-Taiwanese Talks
   About Machine-Tool
   Trade Reach Impasse
Negotiators for both sides said they made more progress
than in the previous talks over the "voluntary restraint
agreement," but they agreed it was necessary to consult with
their governments before meeting again. The next round of
talks hasn't been scheduled.
   The U.S. machine-tool industry, which says it is
hard-pressed by imports, had sought to have the restrictions
on Taiwanese and Japanese exports extended by another five
years. But President Bush in December decided to extend the
restrictions for only two years. The decision was based
largely on Defense Department assertions that the U.S. must
protect domestic makers of sophisticated machines needed to
make advanced weapons. Continued restrictions were opposed by
several U.S. agencies, including the Office of the U.S. Trade
Representative and the president's Council of Economic
Advisers.
   Taiwan, which has resisted continued restrictions, feels
that it has been unfairly singled out, and notes that its
exports to the U.S. are much smaller than Japan's. Its
officials also contend that while Taiwan's exports were
curtailed, Germany, Switzerland, Britain and China took
advantage of the situation and rapidly increased their sales
to the U.S.
   Last year, Taiwan exported $26 million in the three
categories of computer-controlled machine tools that the U.S.
wants to continue restricting. Taiwanese officials say that
amounts to only 3% of the U.S. market. Japanese exports to
the U.S. of the same products totaled more than $500 million
in 1990, Tokyo officials say.
   In Tokyo, officials at the Ministry of International Trade
and Industry have said that they are agreeable to the
two-year extension proposed by the U.S.