Reebok Profit Rose
   26% in 4th Period
   As Sales Grew 20%
   ----
   By William M. Bulkeley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The results were in line with expectations. In late New
York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, Reebok stock rose 62.5
cents a share, to $30.875.
   Paul Fireman, chairman and chief executive officer, said
sales of Reebok-brand footwear in the U.S. rose just 12% to
$288 million in the fourth quarter, but international sales
rose 55% to $178 million. Most of the international increase
reflected a change in recording sales to distributors. Other
divisions had mixed results.
   Paul Duncan, chief financial officer, said: "We feel we
gained about two points in market share. That would put us in
shouting distance of 25% of the market." He said Reebok
believes archrival Nike Inc. maintained its 30% market share,
implying that Reebok's gains came at the expense of smaller
competitors.
   Mr. Duncan said orders for Reebok's highly publicized Pump
shoe tailed off in the fourth quarter. The Pump accounted for
about 10% of Reebok-brand shoe sales in the U.S. in all of
1991, up from 7% the year earlier, he said. However, he
reiterated that international sales of the Pump are still
rising.
   Mr. Duncan said that Reebok, based in Stoughton, Mass., is
repositioning the Pump as a high-performance shoe and won't
try to make it an everyday fashion shoe as it did with its
aerobic shoes in the 1980s. "Many times, high performance
does become fashion. But we won't put it out there for that
purpose," he said.
   Mr. Fireman said that after gaining share in "one of the
worst retail and economic environments we've experienced,"
Reebok sees "plenty of opportunity for growth." He said
orders for Reebok shoes world-wide are up about 11% from last
year and he said the company plans to increase spending on
advertising and merchandising.
   He said that Reebok's balance sheet is strong and said the
company has repaid all but $50 million of the $215 million it
borrowed in April 1991 to buy back 24.5 million shares from
its biggest shareholder. Pershare earnings rose more sharply
than net income because of that repurchase, which reduced
average shares for the year to 99 million from 114.7 million.
   Full-year net rose 32% to $234.7 million, or $2.37 a
share, from $176.6 million, or $1.54 a share, from 1990.
Sales rose 27% to $2.73 billion from $2.16 billion.