World Markets:
   Tokyo Equities Tumble as Sour Mood Intensifies;
   Shares Fall in London, End Mixed in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Thursday in Tokyo, the Nikkei fell 164.65 points from
Wednesday's close to end the morning session at 21376.99.
   Wednesday's first section volume was estimated at 170
million shares, up from 137.5 million Monday, before
Tuesday's national holiday. Losers outnumbered gainers,
823-139, with 129 issues unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price
Index of all first section issues, which lost 14.48 points
Monday, fell 18.13, or 1.12%, to 1594.81.
   Contributing to shares' declines in Tokyo were continuing
concerns about Japanese political scandals, the possibility
of downward revisions in corporate earnings projections, the
dollar's sharp advance overseas on Tuesday and the decline in
Japanese government bond prices. The stock market's drop
followed its failure to absorb a small amount of selling,
including some by arbitragers.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index fell 13.4 points to 2523.7, which also was the intraday
low. The FT 30-stock index edged down 0.9 point to 1963.3.
Volume was 448.1 million shares, compared with 432.7 million
shares a day earlier.
   Given no news to drive the London market, stock prices
moved aimlessly. Declines followed Bank of England comments a
day earlier, after the market had closed, that the central
bank hadn't yet found signs of British economic recovery and
that a rebound "is proving elusive." Also, a dull opening
Wednesday on Wall Street undermined any support for London
equities.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index gave up 4.63 points
to 1678.92. Rumors of another coup in Russia, later denied by
officials in Moscow, helped damp the German market, which
also was pressured by Wall Street's mixed to higher close on
the previous day, Tokyo's decline Wednesday and London's
mixed to lower showing. The DAX continued to be stuck in
range between 1650 and 1700.
   Elsewhere in Europe, trading was again generally
lackluster. Madrid shares' gain resulted from expectations of
favorable Spanish inflation data and speculation about a
possible cut in interest rates; the Russian putsch rumor
caused Madrid stocks to stumble only temporarily. Milan
equities fell widely, as speculators bailed out of positions
ahead of the end of the February trading account.
   Stocks put in a mixed performance across Asia and the
Pacific. Hong Kong shares' powerful surge more than offset
losses from the previous session's profit-taking, as local
investors went bargain-hunting. Profit-taking pushed
Singapore shares down. Manila stocks rebounded slightly as
bargain-hunting in commercial and industrial issues perked up
trading. Wellington equities firmed, though they retreated
from highs as a cautious New Zealand central bank statement
on monetary policy damped optimism about interest rates. In
Seoul, shares declined for the third consecutive session on
worries about rising interest rates and the reduced flow of
cash deposits to securities companies; Seoul market sentiment
also was hurt by rumors that the South Korean government
would tighten monetary policy to absorb excess liquidity
resulting from the huge release of money to meet demand at
the lunar New Year holiday.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Reuters Holdings
added 1 pence to #11.04 ($19.87). The news and financial
information company, citing improved efficiency, said its
1991 pretax profit rose 6.3% to #340.3 million ($612.4
million) from a year earlier. But Reuters warned that "market
recovery is not in sight and we expect revenue growth to slow
further in 1992." Sales of #1.47 billion represented a 7.1%
rise, though this pace was half that of a year earlier. The
annual dividend was increased 13% to 17 pence a share, or one
penny more than analysts had expected.
   British Aerospace plunged 12 pence, or 4.3%, to 270 pence
($4.86). The aerospace, auto and defense equipment concern,
in a bid to reduce costs amid declining defense budgets, said
it would cut 2,350 jobs, mostly through voluntary measures,
at various sites this year. A large part of the jobs to be
eliminated are in military aircraft and civil regional
aircraft manufacturing operations. British Aerospace has
116,000 employees world-wide.
   In Paris, Chargeurs jumped 55 French francs, or 5%, to
1,149 francs ($211.59). The textile, communications and
transportation concern's shares rallied on word from Rupert
Murdoch's News Corp. of Australia that its financially ailing
British Sky Broadcasting satellite-feed television affiliate
is expected to break even next month and could have a
profitable quarter. Chargeurs is a charter shareholder of
BSkyB and owns a 15.9% stake. Chargeurs also benefited from
news that control of its unprofitable Delcer sports and
leisure-wear textile unit will go to Fincori of Italy through
its SGAT Italia subsidiary, in return for a 35% stake in SGAT
valued at 60 million francs ($11 million). The move continues
Chargeurs' strategy of refocusing activity at its Chargeurs
Textiles unit on its core wool business.
   In Sydney, News Corp. fell 8 Australian cents to 15.70
Australian dollars (US$11.80). After the market closed, the
media, entertainment and transportation company said that for
its first half ended Dec. 31, operating profit after taxes
rose 38% to A$355.3 million (US$267.1 million). For the
fiscal second quarter, operating profit increased 21% to
A$248.8 million.
   In Milan, Alitalia was unchanged at 720 lire (60 U.S.
cents). Italy's flagship airline said that it had 1991
second-half operating profit of about 80 billion lire ($66.7
million), after a first-half operating loss of 90.6 billion
and a consolidated loss of 123 billion lire. It said the
positive trend continued in January.
   La Rinascente fell 50 lire to 6,398 lire ($5.33). The
retailer, Italy's largest, and unions have agreed on a
restructuring plan that reinforces Rinascente's presence in
Italy's underdeveloped south and in Sicily. The restructuring
includes investments of 2.07 trillion lire ($1.72 billion)
and creation of 5,000 jobs. The move is part of a program to
double by 1996 Rinascente's 1991 revenue of 4.6 trillion
lire. Rinascente is controlled by the Fiat industrial group.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This
                                Feb 11    Feb 10    Year
                                                                                                       


   Britain ................      751.6     752.3   + 2.0
   Canada .................      405.7     407.2   + 2.5
   Japan ..................      930.6     930.6   - 5.9
   France .................      527.6     528.1   + 5.4
   Germany ................      261.3     260.7   + 7.4
   Hong Kong ..............     3444.2    3485.0   +11.3
   Switzerland ............      221.6     220.3   + 8.1
   Australia ..............      343.4     338.4   - 2.2
   World index ............      523.7     526.0   - 2.2