Sanyo Posts 13% Rise
   In Pretax Earnings
   For Latest Fiscal Year
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Sanyo predicted consolidated net profit will increase 13%
in the fiscal year through Nov. 30, 1992, from the year
earlier. Sales are expected to climb 4.6%. The company didn't
release a forecast for its consolidated pretax profit.
   Pretax profit represents operating profit plus
nonoperating profit including financial income and expenses.
Net income represents pretax profit plus extraordinary gains
or losses and payments of taxes.
   Consolidated results include those of subsidiaries.
   On an unconsolidated basis, or for the parent company
alone, pretax profit increased 1.3% to 37.49 billion yen from
37.03 billion a year ago. Because of an increase in tax
payments, net profit declined 11% to 20.46 billion yen from
22.89 billion. As a result, per-share net income fell to
10.55 yen from 11.85 yen.
   Sales totaled 1.180 trillion yen, up 6.8% from 1.105
trillion.
   The company decided to pay an annual dividend of four year
a share, unchanged from the year earlier.
   Sanyo's domestic sales rose 6.2% on the year to 802.12
billion yen. In addition to a substantial increase in sensor
and computer-controlled, or "neuro-fuzzy," air conditioners,
sales grew for information systems-related equipment as well,
in areas such as laptop word processors and multifunction
telephones.
   Semiconductor sales increased as a result of active sales
campaigns, despite slumping demand for semiconductors used in
audio and visual equipment, the company said.