Mirage Posts Net
   For Fourth Period
   Vs. Year-Ago Loss
   ----
   By Pauline Yoshihashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The year-earlier net loss was $8.8 million or 53 cents a
share. Revenue in the latest quarter tumbled 25% to $208.8
million from $279.7 million. The drop in revenue stemmed from
a championship fight held at the Mirage in October 1990,
which produced heavy table-game activity. But profit in the
latest quarter reflected higher operating cash flow because
of a sharp drop in expenses and lower bad-debt levels, the
company said.
   For 1991, net income jumped 57% to $46.8 million, or $2.11
a share, from $29.7 million, or $1.57 a share, in 1990.
Revenue fell 9.5% to $822.8 million from $908.9 million,
which the company attributed to the recession and a decline
in baccarat play by Asian gamblers at the Golden Nugget
casino downtown.
   The flagship Mirage casino produced operating cash flow,
or earnings before depreciation, interest and taxes, of $201
million in 1991, which industry analysts said is a record
high for a single casino property. Though the earnings were
slightly higher than analysts' estimates, Mirage Resorts'
stock fell $1.375 a share, to $29.25, in late New York Stock
Exchange trading because of the news of the SEC review.
   The proposed offering covers $100 million of first
mortgage notes due 1999 and $100 million of first mortgage
notes due 2000 offered by Treasure Island Finance Corp., a
newly formed unit of GNS Finance that is in turn a subsidiary
of Mirage Resorts. Stephen A. Wynn, the company's chairman
and chief executive officer, was to have spoken to investors
in New York and Boston today.
   Proceeds would be used to finance a new pirate-theme
casino, Treasure Island at the Mirage, on the Strip here. The
facility is expected to cost about $400 million, including
pre-opening costs and carrying costs.
   Mr. Turner, the finance chief, attributed the review to a
change in personnel at the SEC, and said the new agency
staffers weren't as familiar with the casino-hotel company.
The company doesn't anticipate any problems with the
offering, Mr. Turner said. An SEC spokesman wouldn't comment.