Former Thrift Owner
   Dixon Indicited Again
Instead, the indictment charges Mr. Dixon with misapplying
thrift funds in the purchase and lease of jet airplanes by a
company that he is accused of controlling. Stock in the
company, Coronado Air Inc., was actually in the name of
Dallas real estate developer Tommy F. Stone, a Vernon
borrower indicted with Mr. Dixon.
   The indictment charges Messrs. Dixon and Stone with
conspiring to misapply the thrift's funds and charges Mr.
Dixon with concealing payments for the jets from Vernon's
directors and thrift regulators.
   Mr. Dixon's lawyer, Deborah Goodall of Dallas, says she
believes the new indictment is an attempt by federal
prosecutors to lengthen Mr. Dixon's prison sentence.
Prosecutors had expected a much longer sentence than the five
years he received last April for his conviction on charges
that he misapplied Vernon funds in buying a California beach
house.
   Mr. Stone's lawyer, William T. Hill Jr., said his client
isn't guilty of the criminal charges and previously settled a
civil suit brought by thrift regulators over the $800,000 he
borrowed from Vernon to buy stock in Coronado Air.
   Both men are expected to plead innocent to the charges at
a hearing next Thursday before U.S. District Judge Robert B.
Maloney of Dallas.