Business Brief:
   B.F. Goodrich Expects a Modest Loss
   In 1st Quarter, Improvement Later in '92
Mr. Tobler said in an interview that the company received
"good signals" from units that have proved to be "harbinger
businesses" in previous business cycles. He cited some
specialty chemicals as illustrations. He said that there has
been a modest improvement in the polyvinyl chloride plastics
business, the company's problem unit in 1991.
   None of the company's businesses are faring worse than
three months ago, officials said. Some are doing better and
some are still about flat.
   Goodrich reported a net loss of $80.6 million, or $3.50 a
share, in 1991, after onetime charges of $85.4 million,
mainly for shutting down some high-cost PVC capacity. Sales
were $2.47 billion.
   Officials of the Akron, Ohio, company were interviewed
after making a presentation to Cleveland securities analysts.
   Mr. Tobler declined to make an earnings forecast for 1992.
However, he said management expects record 1992 sales and
operating profits from the aerospace unit, and improved
results in specialty chemicals and PVC products. The
specialty chemicals group includes sealants, adhesives,
coatings and roofing products that were affected by last
year's drop in new construction and deferral of major
maintenance on commercial buildings.
   In late New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday,
Goodrich common stock was quoted at $45.375 a share, down $1.