World Markets:
   Stocks Finish Mixed in Tokyo on Profit-Taking
   And in London on Welter of Conflicting Signals
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Friday, the Nikkei index rose 41.49 points to close the
morning session at 21375.19.
   Thursday's first-section volume was estimated at 220
million shares, compared with 213.3 million on Wednesday.
Though volume continued light, it did represent a slight
recovery from extremely depressed levels seen earlier in the
week. Gainers outnumbered decliners, 479-451, and 190 issues
finished unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first-section issues,
which rose 16.04 points Wednesday, edged up 1.64 to 1553.65.
   The Nikkei opened with a healthy advance and rose as high
as 21547.65, helped by the yen's recovery, a strong
performance Wednesday on Wall Street and the firmness of the
Japanese bond market. But futures prices retreated, pulling
stock prices down. The report a day earlier showing continued
weakening in Japan's industrial output prompted investors to
focus on defensive stocks such as pharmaceutical and food
companies. Speculation on a near-term Bank of Japan
discountrate cut continued to support the market.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index edged down 3.0 points to 2562.0. The FT 30-stock index
dropped 16.2 points to 1986.7. Volume was 606.1 million
shares, compared with 548.6 million a day earlier.
   A heavy load of corporate earnings reports ended up
generally neutral in terms of impact on the London market.
But many of the companies also issued gloomy statements, some
of them citing Britain's recession, and several cut or only
maintained dividends. Britain's merchandise trade deficit
widened in January from the previous month, and both exports
and imports declined, offering fresh evidence of a weak
economy. An indifferent early showing Thursday on Wall Street
also worked against any significant movement by London
stocks.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 12.63 points to
1749.90, its second consecutive 12-month high. Most business
occurred in premarket dealings, and the DAX opened at
1745.21, well above the previous close of 1737.27. Among DAX
stocks, 24 ended higher, five were lower and one was
unchanged.
   Hong Kong shares soared in heavy trading, as investors
were buoyed by rosy corporate results and China's likely
renewal of most-favored-nation trading status with the U.S.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, Bridgestone rose
30 yen to 1,100 yen ($8.51). In line with forecasts amid the
global auto-market slump, the tire maker's 1991
unconsolidated pretax parent-company profit dropped 16% to
76.6 billion yen ($592.6 million) from a year earlier. The
21% rise in net income to 62.93 billion yen was attributed to
land sales.
   In London, Midland Bank soared 21 pence, or 8.8%, to 260
pence ($4.56). Far surpassing expectations, the bank's 1991
pretax profit more than tripled to #36 million, after
bad-debt charges of #903 million, from #11 million a year
earlier. The dividend was cut 62% to 3.4 pence a share. This
was a surprise for the market, which had expected Midland,
Britain's fourth largest bank, to post a loss for 1991 and
hold its annual payout to 1.7 pence a share by not paying a
second-half dividend.
   Courtaulds Textiles eased 2 to 539. Pretax profit for 1991
rose 4.7% to #42.2 million, helped by cost and debt
reductions and what it called tight management of working
capital. The results were in line with expectations, but the
company was downbeat on business conditions this year.
   Williams Holdings fell 12, or 3.4%, to 313. The industrial
holding company's 1991 pretax profit jumped 42% to #168.3
million, helped by improved margins in building products and
the first-time consolidation of the Yale  Valor unit.
Williams proposed boosting the final dividend 1.4% to 7.35
pence a share, making the annual payout 12.35 pence, up only
2.9%, which disappointed the market.
   Imperial Chemical Industries fell 23 pence, or 1.8%, to
#12.84 ($22.54). The industrial group's pretax profit for
1991 declined 9.9% to #843 million, near the lower end of
market expectations, from a restated #936 million a year
earlier. Investors were soured partly because #25 million of
the latest pretax profit came from disposals, making the
underlying figure appear even worse. The dividend was
unchanged at 55 pence a share.
   British Gas eased 1/2 pence to 258 pence. The natural gas
utility posted historic-cost after-tax profit of #1.16
billion for its newly adopted year ended Dec. 31, compared
with #1.21 billion in its previous fiscal year ended March
31. Historic-cost accounting values inventories at their
acquisition price. The latest result was slightly below
previous market expectations.
   In Sydney, Brambles Industries fell 40 Australian cents to
16.80 Australian dollars (US$12.61). The transportation
concern's after-tax operating profit in its first half ended
Dec. 31 fell 13% to A$88.7 million (US$66.6 million) because
of declines in pretax interest and other non-operating income
and a softening in European operations. The dividend was
raised 20% to 30 cents a share.
   In Madrid, Repsol rose 25 pesetas to 3,005 pesetas
($29.14). The Spanish oil concern's 1991 net rose 3.6% to
70.17 billion pesetas ($680.5 million). Repsol said the
profit rise was slowed by slumping earnings in the chemicals
sector and a sharp increase in provisions.
   In Manila, San Miguel Class A shares were unchanged at
65.50 pesos ($2.58) and Class B shares finished at 82.50, up
0.50. The food conglomerate's 1991 consolidated net jumped
57% to 2.81 billion pesos ($110.6 million). The company
declared a 10% stock dividend.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                 % This
                             Feb 26    Feb 25     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ...................  388.5     384.2     - 0.4
   Britain ................  763.2     758.5     + 3.5
   Canada .................  404.7     401.0     + 2.3
   Japan ..................  892.1     884.1     - 9.8
   France .................  557.7     550.2     +11.5
   Germany ................  267.6     266.5     +10.0
   Hong Kong .............. 3529.4    3503.3     +14.0
   Switzerland ............  224.7     223.4     + 9.6
   Australia ..............  350.0     350.8     - 0.3
   World index ............  513.3     509.1     - 4.1