World Markets:
   Tokyo Stock Prices End Mixed in Thin Turnover
   As Market-Prodding Group Holds First Meeting
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Thursday, the Nikkei rose 248.62 points to close the
morning session at 22184.99.
   Wednesday's first-section volume was estimated at 200
million shares, little changed from Tuesday's 204 million.
Gainers slightly outnumbered losers, 484451, and 179 issues
were unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all
first-section issues, which eased 3.76 points Tuesday, edged
down 2.81 points to 1626.05.
   Trading was luckluster, as most investors stayed
resolutely on the sidelines despite Tuesday's record close by
the Dow Jones Industrial Average in New York and the firmness
of the Japanese bond market. The Nikkei fluctuated on both
sides of 22000 Wednesday in response to arbitrage buying and
selling. Though the market was supported by steady buying by
foreigners, especially U.S. pension funds, buying interest
continued to be depressed by expected selling pressure on
stocks above 22500 on the Nikkei. Few domestic investors
participated.
   The market's lack of direction also stemmed from the
ruling Liberal Democratic Party's convening of a study group
organized to rescue the slumping stock market. The group's
potential recommendations weren't viewed as attractive enough
to boost stock market sentiment.
   The president of the Securities Dealers Association of
Japan, Shougo Watanabe, asked the task force to explore ways
to encourage individual investors to re-enter the sluggish
Tokyo stock market. A party official said that while no final
decisions were made during the meeting, various
marketsupporting measures were put up for discussion. Mr.
Watanabe also asked the group to study the possible revision
of commercial law to allow Japanese companies to trade their
own equities, as well as the easing of curbs on equity
investments by pension funds and life insurance companies,
according to LDP and association officials.
   The study group is headed by Shizuka Kamei, vice chairman
of the party's Policy Research Council. The group was formed
after calls last week by Tamisuke Watanuki, LDP
secretary-general, and officials in the private sector for
the party to explore ways to shore up the market because its
slump might hurt Japan's overall economic activity. The group
was to meet again Thursday.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index dropped 9.7 points to 2547.1, just 3.1 points above the
intraday low. The FT 30-stock index lost 7.8 points to
1970.9. Volume was 491.8 million shares, compared with 468.8
million a day earlier.
   The London session was spiritless, and prices drifted
lower amid a lack of new ideas or themes to provide
direction, despite Wall Street's strength. Many participants
believe the London market won't move much higher, citing
Britain's pre-election political situation and high interest
rates, and they were skeptical about the ability of U.S.
stocks to act as a global bellwether. Investor interest could
remain sketchy because of economic uncertainties until
Britain's newest annual government budget is unveiled March
10.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 10.22 points to
1686.62, boosted partly by Wall Street's record close a day
earlier, but the German market continued to trade in a narrow
range. Of the DAX stocks, 27 advanced and three declined.
   Elsewhere in Europe, stocks generally rose on a coattail
effect from Wall Street. Paris shares advanced, partly on
Wall Street's momentum and on President Francois Mitterrand's
strong performance on nationwide television as he sought to
quell a political dispute over the recent visit to France by
a radical Palestinian leader needing medical treatment.
Stockholm shares also gained on Swedish auto sales figures
that indicated increases in the U.S. market.
   Many Asian and Pacific markets were closed for the Chinese
New Year. Manila shares fell as a result of the absence of
foreign players, particularly those from Hong Kong and China.
In Wellington, shares firmed on tentative signs of a recovery
in New Zealand's depressed economy.
   Among corporate developments, in Paris, LVMH Moet Hennessy
Louis Vuitton climbed 55 French francs, or 1.3%, to 4,420
francs ($815.36). The Jas. Hennessy unit of the luxury
products and spirits concern said it was able to maintain its
operating margins last year on a 23% sales rise to 6.2
billion francs ($1.14 billion), largely reflecting increases
in prices. LVMH will post consolidated earnings in March.
   In Milan, Ing. C. Olivetti common added 34 lire, or 1.2%,
to 2,847 lire ($2.38). The market shrugged off comments by
Carlo de Benedetti, chairman and chief executive officer,
indicating the office automation-equipment maker had a 1991
loss of about 380 billion lire ($317.7 million), far worse
than analysts had been expecting. Mr. de Benedetti wouldn't
discuss details and said final results, to be reported in
May, will depend on accounting for restructuring costs. The
market chose to focus instead on Mr. de Benedetti's
prediction that Olivetti this year will break even or have a
slight profit.
   In Bangkok, shares of Bangkok Land made an impressive
debut, accounting for about 32% of the exchange's total
trading volume and closing at 154 baht ($6.07), up 71% from
the subscription price of 90 baht. Bangkok Land's executive
chairman, Anant Kanjanapas, had been angered by reports
before the listing that analysts doubted some of his sales
figures and earnings estimates.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % This
                                   Feb 4    Feb 3    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .........................   387.4    383.5   -  0.7
 Britain ......................   756.1    756.2   +  2.6
 Canada .......................   409.2    406.6   +  3.4
 Japan ........................   944.0    944.4   -  4.6
 France .......................   524.3    524.8   +  4.8
 Germany ......................   259.6    261.7   +  6.7
 Hong Kong ....................  3416.2   3416.2   + 10.4
 Switzerland ..................   217.0    217.0   +  5.8
 Australia ....................   339.7    341.8   -  3.3
 World index ..................   527.0    524.3   -  1.6