New Securities Issues
Republic National Bank of New York -- $500 million issue
of Republic National Bank of New York bank notes, due Feb. 1,
1995, was priced as 5 3/4% at 99.836 to yield 5.81%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 32 basis points
above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated double-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led
by Lehman Brothers Inc. Republic National Bank is a unit of
Republic New York Corp.
                                                                                                       

                        EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Target Therapeutics -- 2.25 million common shares were
priced by underwriters at $18 a share. Of the total shares
being offered, 1.95 million are being sold by the company and
300,000 by selling shareholders. The largest selling
shareholder is Collagen Corp., which is selling 242,563
Target shares, thus reducing its stake in Target to 57.8%
after the offering from the current 86.7%. After the
offering, Target will have about six million shares
outstanding. Alex. Brown  Sons Inc. and Hambrecht  Quist
Inc. are co-managers of the underwriting syndicate. The
underwriters have a 30-day option to issue another 337,500
Target shares to cover overallotments.
   Plains Resources Inc. -- 1.2 million shares are being
offered at $16 each through underwriters Smith Barney, Harris
Upham  Co., First Boston Corp. and Howard Weil Labouisse
Friedrichs Inc. Shares being offered include 875,000 it will
issue and 325,000 shares held by certain unaffiliated
shareholders.
                                                                                                       

                    MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Resolution Trust Corp. -- $478.6 million issue of real
estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage securities is
being offered by a group led by Merrill Lynch Mortgage
Capital Inc. The adjustable rate issue, RTC 1992-1, is being
offered in four classes. Complete price and yield data
weren't available.
                                                                                                       

                       EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Finance for Danish Industry (Denmark) -- 200 billion lira
of 11.70% Eurobonds due March 3, 1999, at an issue price of
101 7/8 via IMI Bank (Luxembourg). Yield 11.70% annually
after discounting fees. Fees 1 7/8 points.
   British Gas International Finance B.V. (U.K.) -- $200
million of 6 3/4% Eurobonds due March 6, 1997, at an issue
price of 101.355 via Goldman Sachs International. Reoffered
at 99.73 and at a spread of 30 basis points above the
comparable U.S. Treasury issue. Guaranteed by British Gas
PLC. Fees 1 7/8.
   Nippon Express Co. (Japan) -- 30 billion yen of 6%
Eurobonds due Nov. 5, 1999, at an issue price of 101.50 via
Nomura International. Reoffered at par. Fees 1 7/8. en