Letters to the Editor:
   Silicone Ban Request
   Based on Hard Science
Second, in the closest thing to a randomized study on
complications of breast implants, a market-research study of
100,000 American households, funded by the plastic surgeons,
found an alarming incidence of serious complications in the
500 women who had implants. Projected nationally to all women
with implants, which is scientifically permissible since,
according to the surgeons, "the resulting data were balanced
for respondent age, income and region to assure that the
results are representative of the national population of
women with implants," there are about 155,000 women with
complications such as rupture, leak or infection, out of the
two million with implants. The study also found that most
women were quite satisfied with the results of the
implantation.
   As far as your claim that we use internal company
memorandums in pushing the FDA toward a ban, the "conspiracy"
you allege between us and trial lawyers must be weak for we
have never seen any of these internal memos, much less
submitted them to the FDA.
   The litigation "kits" we provide for $750 are, in fact,
about 4,000 pages of documents on silicone, mainly published
studies from peer-reviewed journals and, in the future,
documents we purchased from Dow will be added. The cost is
commensurate with copying and mailing costs, and staff time
to obtain and evaluate the documents.
   Sidney M. Wolfe, M.D.
   Director
   Public Citizen Health Research Group
   Washington
   (See related article: "On Public Citizen's Sources of
Funding" -- WSJ March 17, 1992)
   920131-0011