Three Major Chemical Companies Post
   Mixed Results for the Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Christina Duff
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
American Cyanamid
                                                                                                       

   Bucking the downward trend of other major chemical
companies, the Wayne, N.J., company's earnings improved on
flat sales of $1.13 billion.
   Cyanamid said sales were damped by the U.S. recession's
drag on its chemical group, which sells mostly specialty
chemicals for industry use. Chemical sales were flat.
   Those results were offset, however, by record sales at
Cyanamid's big medical and agricultural divisions, which
represent nearly 80% of the company's total sales. The
medical group was driven by worldwide sales of such products
as ethical pharmaceuticals, while strong sales of crop
protection chemicals bolstered results at its agricultural
group, the company said.
   The earnings disclosure sent Cyanamid shares up 62.5 cents
to close at $60.375 in New York Stock Exchange trading.
                                                                                                       

   B.F. Goodrich
                                                                                                       

   The Akron, Ohio, company posted a big loss after taking an
anticipated special charge of $89.8 million, or $3.53 a
share, tied to the phasing out of high-cost production of
polyvinyl chloride at three sites.
   Even excluding the charge, Goodrich would have posted a
loss of $16.9 million, or 75 cents a share. The company cited
"adverse economic conditions." Sales increased 5.5% to $607.4
million from $575.8 million.
   Goodrich shares fell 75 cents to $41.75 in New York Stock
Exchange trading.
   Like other chemical concerns, Goodrich's earnings are
plagued by oversupply and sluggish demand for many commodity
chemicals and plastics. The company's vinyl and specialty
chemical operations were "hurt by the recession" and reported
losses, Goodrich said.
   The company's aerospace operations, meanwhile, posted
improved earnings.
                                                                                                       

   Great Lakes Chemical
                                                                                                       

   Earnings at this West Lafayette, Ind., company increased
8% but fell short of per-share earnings expectations of 62
cents to 65 cents, on a post-split basis. In New York Stock
Exchange trading yesterday, Great Lakes shares closed at
$54.625, down $2.875.
   The company attributed the earnings shortfall to its
inability to close the acquisition of a majority stake in
Octel Associates, a U.K. producer of fuel additives. A
spokesman cited "technical factors" that "still need to be
resolved." The company said it expects the transaction to
close in the "near future."
   Had Octel's earnings been included in the fourth quarter,
Great Lakes per-share earnings would have "fallen well
within" expectations, the spokesman said.
   Great Lakes said its bromine-based specialty chemical
business thrived during the quarter, due to a healthy demand
for flame retardants and industrial water treatment
chemicals. However, the company said two subsidiaries were
hurt by a stagnant worldwide foundry industry and depressed
conditions in the U.S. oil and gas industry.
   ---
                            1991            1990
                         in     per       in    per      %
                      millions  share  millions share   chg.
                                                                                                       

                 FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 Amer. Cyanamid .....   $65.9   $0.72   $56.5   $0.61    17
 Goodrich ...........  (106.7)  (4.28)   14.1    0.47   ...
 Great Lakes ........    39.7    0.56    36.6    0.52     8
                                                                                                       

                      YEAR NET INCOME
                                                                                                       


 Goodrich ...........   (80.6)  (3.50)  136.3    5.04   ...
 Great Lakes ........   157.5    2.23   140.8    2.00    12
                                                                                                       

   Figures in parentheses are losses.