Rockwell, in a Switch, Predicts Decline
   Of 15% in Fiscal '92 Operating Profit
   ----
   By Rhonda L. Rundle
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For its first quarter ended Dec. 31, Rockwell reported
earnings of $123.3 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of
$2.56 billion. Those results will be restated to a loss after
reflecting the charge, the company said.
   The number of Rockwell shares outstanding has been
shrinking because of a share-repurchase program, so total
profit before the charge could be down more than 15% this
year, a company spokesman said. After the charge, the
indicated 1992 loss would be on the order of $1 billion,
analysts said.
   Donald R. Beall, chairman and chief executive, said the
company was cutting its 1992 forecast because it hasn't seen
much improvement in its automotive and industrial automotive
businesses so far this year. The forecast for 15% lower
earnings per share is before the impact of the
retiree-benefits charge.
   At the annual shareholders' meeting last month, Mr. Beall
had reiterated that the company's goal was to achieve
pershare earnings at least comparable to those in 1991.
However, he warned then that achieving those results was
becoming increasingly difficult because the company wasn't
seeing signs of a turnaround in its commercial markets.
   In the year ended Sept. 30, Rockwell earned $600.5
million, or $2.57 a share, on sales of $11.93 billion. Profit
included restructuring charges of $271.5 million for the
year.
   The company's revised forecast spurred many analysts, in
turn, to cut their 1992 and 1993 profit forecasts for the
company.
   "Rockwell isn't looking for as big a recovery in
automotive as I thought; the graphics business won't come
back anytime soon and their military business isn't
terrific," said Gary Reich, a Lehman Brothers analyst. He
reduced his 1992 forecast, excluding the charge, to a range
of $2.10 to $2.15 a share from $2.45 a share, and dropped his
1993 number to $2.50 a share from $2.75 a share.
   Rockwell said it decided to record the retiree-benefits
charge in the first quarter because it completed its
actuarial analysis sooner than expected. Under a new
accounting standard, all companies are required to recognize
these liabilities either in a one-time charge or over many
years. Rockwell said the charge doesn't affect its cash flow
or dividend policy.
   Rockwell shares closed Friday at $26, down 75 cents, in
New York Stock Exchange composite trading.