World Markets:
   London, Frankfurt Share Prices Rise
   Despite the Tumble in Tokyo Stocks
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
Stocks reversed early losses to finish at the day's best
levels, thanks to a late afternoon bargain-hunting spree.
Dealers said investors were buying a few cheap issues that
have lately been steeply sold off.
   In addition, traders said Wall Street's recovery from its
opening 20-point slump gave London participants a bit more
confidence that the Dow Jones Industrial Average isn't headed
for a major correction, as some analysts have predicted.
   However, traders said activity was subdued, as investors
searched for the market's near-term direction. Wall Street
was being watched very carefully for any clues. The week
ahead will provide the London market with few indications on
the health of the corporate sector, with just one major
company, Lonrho, due to report earnings Thursday.
   In Frankfurt, stocks rose on an influx of foreign funds
that caught many players by surprise. The DAX 30-stock index
ended the session up 6.18 points at 1677.17. The index began
the year at 1577.98.
   At midday, dealers had expected a modest climb in stock
prices to fizzle. But then foreigners, who had been
neglecting the market in recent days, slowly began placing
orders lest they miss a chance to catch the market on a rise.
   In Hong Kong, shares rallied sharply in heavy trading,
reflecting growing optimism about the improvement in trade
relations between China and the U.S.
   The blue-chip Hang Seng Index soared 55.58 to 4510.47,
marking its fifth consecutive record and a gain of 5% since
the start of the year. The broader Hong Kong Index climbed
37.14 to 2943.17. Turnover swelled to 2.44 billion Hong Kong
dollars ($314.3 million) from Friday's HK$2.3 billion, its
highest in two months.
   Property counters turned in the session's steepest gains,
followed by banks. Utilities and conglomerates also recorded
sharp rises.
   In Taipei, share prices on the Taiwan Stock Exchange
rebounded strongly and broadly in active dealings following a
plunge in the Saturday session. The Weighted Index rallied
138.42 points, or 2.8%, to close at 5102.64, reversing the
loss of 81.72 points on Saturday. The index ended 1991 at
4600.67.
   Market analysts said fresh buyers outperformed
profit-takers during the Monday session. With more
participants expected to enter the market, the index is
likely to move above a technical resistance point at the 5200
level soon, some participants said. The market has been
bullish since Jan. 4, when it opened for 1992, on hopes that
Taiwan's central bank would maintain its easy monetary
policy.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Allied-Lyons fell
3 pence to 643 pence ($11.55). The maker of beverages and
foods unveiled an operational and geographical restructuring
aimed at giving the company a sharper focus. Under the
changes, which are to take effect March 8, Allied-Lyons'
operations will be divided into four main groups.
   Ratners plummeted 3.5 pence, or almost 13%, to 23.5 pence.
The financially troubled jewelry retailer said it intends to
suspend dividend payments on its preferred shares. Ten days
ago, the company said it wouldn't pay a dividend on its
ordinary shares.
   In New York, Moody's Investors Service said it downgraded
Ratners preferred stock rating to Caa from Ba-3 after the
company's decision to suspend the dividend on preferred
shares. Approximately $250 million of preferred stock is
affected by the action, the rating agency said.
   In Paris, Compagnie de Suez rose 3.20 francs to 309 francs
($56.89). The big conglomerate expects 1991 net profit of
between 3.8 billion francs ($699.6 million) and 4 billion
francs, representing a small rise from the 3.7 billion francs
recorded in 1990. The estimate was included in a letter to
shareholders by Suez Chairman Gerard Worms, who blamed the
slow growth largely on problems at ACEC-Union Miniere, a
metals unit of Societe Generale de Belgique, which is
controlled by Suez.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % 1991
                              Jan 17     Jan 16     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ......................   391.1      390.3     +27.5
 Britain ...................   751.8      751.6     +17.6
 Canada ....................   413.2      413.2     +12.7
 Japan .....................   924.3      934.6     - 7.0
 France ....................   526.3      525.7     +24.1
 Germany ...................   258.0      257.0     +14.4
 Hong Kong .................  3231.1     3203.4     +48.7
 Switzerland ...............   216.1      217.1     +28.0
 Australia .................   355.2      354.9     +32.6
 World index ...............   521.9      521.5     +13.1
   ---
                Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks   among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's   stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

 ISSUE (COUNTRY)                        CLOSE     %CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Valmet (Finland) ................     25.0       +56.2
 Jones (David) (Australia) .......      0.380     +46.2
 European Leisure (England) ......      0.070     +40.0
 Citicorp (U.S.) .................     14.625     +39.3
 LTV (U.S.) ......................      1.375     +37.5
 Ocelot Industries (Canada) ......     11.875     +30.1
 Norske Bank A. Frie (Norway) ....     19.50      +30.0
 Mountleigh Group (England) ......      0.090     +28.6
 Armco (U.S.) ....................      5.750     +27.8
 Varity (U.S.) ...................     15.875     +27.0
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Ames Dept. Stores (U.S.) ........      0.563     -62.5
 Daito Woolen Spinning (Japan) ...   1630.0       -28.5
 Godo Shusei (Japan) .............   1970.0       -23.3
 PirelliAct. (Swiss) .............    218.0       -22.4
 Shimura Kako (Japan) ............   1270.0       -22.1
 Hazlewoods (Foods)(England) .....      1.340     -19.8
 Fujiya (Japan) ..................    679.0       -16.4
 Lonrho (England) ................      1.50      -14.8

 Dainippon Pharm. (Japan) ........   1240.0       -13.9
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective