Business Brief:
   Boeing Co. Says It's Blue Skies Ahead
   For Air-Travel and Aircraft Industries
In the 1992 outlook, a widely watched prediction of
demand, Seattle-based Boeing extended the 5.2% annual-growth
estimate that it last year applied through 2005. If accurate,
it means annual airline traffic world-wide will triple by
2010. Over the 18-year period, Boeing predicted, about 11,678
jetliners will be sold at a total value of $857 billion.
   It suggested that the 1991 downturn in air travel was a
"short-term deviation" from a prosperous long-term outlook.
Company officials said world air-travel markets would rebound
sharply this year after dropping about 4% last year,
including a 1.8% domestic decline.
   A year ago, Boeing had predicted 1992 traffic still would
grow by 2.9% world-wide. Boeing officials, who blame the
unraveling of their 1991 prediction on the impact of the Gulf
War and lingering economic problems, said the Cold War's end
and renewed stability in the Middle East brighten the
air-travel picture now.
   While international markets began to rebound late last
year, U.S. traffic still is limping along. The Air Transport
Association, which tracks the performance of most major U.S.
airlines, lists the January increase in U.S. traffic as only
1.4%. The credit crunch and low consumer confidence are among
factors still hobbling air travel, reducing airlines' ability
to order planes from Boeing, McDonnell Douglas Corp. and
Europe's Airbus Industrie consortium.
   But Jack Howard, director of market research for Boeing's
Commercial Airplane Group, suggested that the American
economy has bottomed out. Domestic traffic will climb 6.3%
this year and 7.8% next, Boeing said, while world-wide
traffic will rise 7.6% this year and 8.7% next.