Dissident Bondholders
   File Petition to Force
   Zale Into Bankruptcy
The company said it hadn't seen the petition, which was
filed in federal bankruptcy court in Dallas. But it said, "An
out-of-court agreement is in everyone's best interest because
it maximizes the value of the franchise and produces the
speediest and most cost-effective results." The leader of the
dissident group said few options are available to Zale, which
is in default on a $52 million interest payment that was due
Dec. 2, 1991.
   "They might argue that the bondholders filing this action
don't represent a majority, but since they're unquestionably
missing payments, they really don't have any grounds to
oppose it," said David Glatstein of Barre & Co., a Dallas
securities firm that sold about $50 million of Zale bonds to
customers. Mr. Glatstein said he and the other two parties to
the involuntary filing own "a couple million dollars face
value" worth of Zale bonds.
   Mr. Glatstein said he approved of Zale's restructuring
plans, which call for closing 400 of the chain's 2,000
stores. But he criticized as unrealistic the company's hopes
to renegotiate terms with creditors and landlords outside
bankruptcy court.
   Zale is owned by Peoples Jewellers Ltd. of Toronto and
Swarovski International Holding AG of Switzerland.