Los Angeles Proposal Gives
   Preference to Local Bids
The legislation comes after the L.A. County Transportation
Commission last month canceled a contract it had awarded to
Japanese-owned Sumitomo Corp. of America to build rail cars
for the city's Metro Line transit system. The cancellation
came amid public outcry over the selection of a Japanese firm
at a time when unemployment here is on the rise.
   "The city should have the option of buying locally
produced product," said Councilman Zen Yaroslavsky, who
proposed the legislation. "We should be an asset to the
community, not a drain on it."
   If passed by voters in the June 2 election, the amendment
would allow the city to award a contract to an American
concern even if a foreign company places a lower bid. "There
are many times when the top two or three bids are very close
in price, but we are required under law to take the lowest
bid," Mr. Yaroslavsky said. "If you have a (foreign) product
that's decidedly cheaper and better, then so be it, we'll buy
it. But when the prices are close and the issue is almost six
of one, half-dozen of the other, then let's invest our money
at home."
   Reiji Nagase, chief of economics for the Japanese
Consulate in Los Angeles, said the proposed legislation,
coupled with the cancellation of the Sumitomo contract,
"might pose a threat to foreign-operated companies doing
business in the U.S." He added, "it's not desirable to ignore
national economic decision making."