Who's News:
   USAir Picks Lagow
   Of United Airlines
   For Marketing Post
Mr. Lagow, a 25-year airline veteran, is known as one the
industry's strongest advocates of the intricate hub-and-spoke
system, in which airlines schedule large waves of flights
simultaneously in a central city. The advantage is that
passengers can connect to flights while staying with the same
airline.
   Since 1988, Mr. Lagow has served as senior vice president,
planning, for UAL Corp.'s United. Prior to that he was in
market planning for Northwest Airlines and earlier held
marketing posts at Trans World Airlines and Republic
Airlines. Mr. Lagow, whose appointment at USAir becomes
effective Friday, was unavailable for comment.
   Unlike Mr. Malin, Mr. Lagow will not serve on the USAir
Group board. USAir Group has not said if it will name a
successor for Mr. Malin on its board, which now has 13
members.
   Currently locked in negotiations to wring wage and benefit
concessions from its labor unions, USAir refused to disclose
how much Mr. Lagow will be paid. But to entice Mr. Lagow from
United, where he was paid in excess of $200,000 and was
working for a stable airline, USAir's compensations package
is likely large.
   "You wouldn't think he would leave a job at United. It's a
gamble. He'd have to have some pretty hefty incentives," said
William Kutzke, a Washington, D.C., airline consultant.