Economy:
   Latest Report
   Shows Economy
   Just About Flat
   ---
   Payrolls Grew in December
   As Unemployment Rate
   Rose to 7.1% From 6.9%
   ----
   By David Wessel
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The unemployment rate, perhaps the single most visible
economic indicator, rose to 7.1% of the work force from 6.9%
in November; the new rate is the highest since June 1986.
Based on a separate survey of households, the department said
an additional 289,000 workers joined the ranks of the
unemployed in December. There are now more unemployed
Americans -- 8.9 million -- than any other point since the
recession began in June 1990. One of every three unemployed
people has been out of work for 15 weeks or more.
   "The economy is flat, but flat isn't very satisfactory,"
said economist Elliott Platt of Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette
Inc. He and other economists said the new figures reinforce
the view that the economy didn't grow at all in the fourth
quarter, and may even have contracted.
   "It really doesn't change the picture of a weakish
economy, but it wasn't a smashingly bad set of numbers," said
Richard Hoey, chief economist at Dreyfus Corp.
   Returning from his trip to Asia, President Bush said he
was "disappointed" by the report. "Our economy is not growing
fast enough," he said, promising to reveal "my action plan to
get it growing faster" when he delivers the State of the
Union address Jan. 28.
   Congressional Democrats seized on the new figures as proof
that the recession persists and were quick to blame Mr. Bush
for not doing more to combat it. House Majority Leader
Richard Gephardt (D., Mo.), for instance, said: "The surge in
unemployment shows why the president cannot pose for photo
opportunities with the Japanese and cut the capital gains tax
for the rich if he wants to get the economy moving again."
   The Labor Department said the 31,000-job increase in
payrolls was too small to be significant. "Though job losses
were less widespread," William Barron Jr., deputy
commissioner of labor statistics, told a congressional
committee, "cutbacks in airlines . . . and in manufacturing
indicated that softness continued in December."
   Mr. Barron noted that for the past four months, factories
have been trimming employment by between 30,000 and 40,000
jobs a month, leaving manufacturing employment nearly 450,000
below its year-earlier level. Factory payrolls fell by 32,000
in December.
   As they often do in the early stages of a recovery,
businesses were demanding more overtime from their employees
rather than hiring new ones. After dropping to 34 hours in
April, the average workweek in December rose to 34.5 hours,
roughly the pre-recession level of mid-1989. An index that
measures the total number of hours worked by production and
non-supervisory workers rose 0.2% in December; it rose the
same amount in manufacturing after falling for the previous
three months.
   In service industries, employment was generally weak.
Retailers' Christmas hiring was less than normal. Airline
employment fell significantly as two carriers went out of
business. Only health care, which added a further 45,000
jobs, was strong. In the past year, health-care employment
has risen by 411,000 while employment in the rest of the
economy has declined by 1.2 million.
   Besides the 8.9 million people counted as unemployed, the
Labor Department said it counted about 1.1 million people who
wanted jobs but weren't looking because they thought the
search would be futile. An additional 6.3 million are working
part time but would prefer full-time work.
   Some economists, concerned about inflation, were alarmed
that despite the sluggish economy average hourly earnings of
production and non-supervisory workers rose a sharp 0.7% in
December to $10.50 after several months of more modest
increases. Average hourly earnings increased only 3.2% in the
past year, however, roughly matching the increase in consumer
prices over that period.
                                                                                                       

                         EMPLOYMENT
                                                                                                       

   Here are excerpts from the Labor Department's em- ployment
report. The figures are seasonally adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                                Nov             Dec
                                1991            1991
                                (millions of persons)
                                                                                                       

   Civilian labor force ....... 125.4           126.6
    Civilian employment ....... 116.8           116.7
    Unemployment ..............   8.6             8.9
                                                                                                       

   Payroll employment ......... 108.8           108.8
                                                                                                       

   Unemployment:                (percent of labor force)
                                                                                                       

   All civilian workers .......   6.9             7.1
    Adult men .................   6.4             6.6
    Adult women ...............   5.9             6.1
    Teen-agers ................  18.7            19.3
    White .....................   6.2             6.3
    Black .....................  12.3            12.7
    Black teen-agers ..........  35.1            36.0
    Hispanic ..................  10.2             9.7
                                                                                                       

   Average weekly hours:            (hours of work)
                                                                                                       

   Total private nonfarm ......  34.4            34.5
    Manufacturing .............  41.0            41.1
    Factory overtime ..........   3.7             3.8