Monday's Markets:
   Bond Prices
   Fall Sharply
   On Report
   ---
   Data Showing Jump
   In Industrial Activity
   Spur Inflation Fears
   ----
   By Douglas R. Sease
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average edged up 7.60 to 3275.27
in active trading. But Standard  Poor's 500-stock index
slipped 0.25 to 412.45. The Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2
to 635.47.
   The purchasing managers index, which measures economic
activity in the nation's industrial economy, rose in February
to 52.4% from 47.4% in January. Most economists had expected
only a modest increase. A reading of under 50% tends to
signal that the economy is contracting, while a reading above
50% shows an expanding economy.
   Traders said the bond market's immediate plunge following
the morning release of the purchasing managers report
reflected fears that inflation may pick up following an
economic rebound.
   But some analysts said the sharp drop in bond prices may
be presenting investors with a good buying opportunity.
Arthur Micheletti, investment strategist at Bailard, Biehl 
Kaiser in San Mateo, Calif., said that in the past, bond
prices have tended to fall at the first concrete evidence of
economic recovery. But then, he added, prices recover and
interest rates fall as fears of inflation fail to
materialize.
   Such "hiccups" in the bond market have historically been
good times for investors to buy bonds, he said, adding: "I
don't think this hiccup has run its course yet."
   He predicted long-term bond yields will reach at least 8%
and perhaps 8.25% before declining again later this year. And
because he forecasts that inflation may drop to 2% this year,
he said bonds represent a better longer-term investment than
stocks, which he described as overpriced.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices were mixed. Volume totaled 180.4 million
shares on the New York Stock Exchange, where 907 issues rose
and 806 fell.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices plummeted. The Treasury's benchmark 30-year
bond lost about 1 1/8 point, or about $11.25 for each $1,000
face amount. The yield on the issue rose to 7.89%.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar rose. In late New York trading, the currency
was quoted at 1.6435 marks and 129.65 yen, compared with
1.6390 marks and 129.50 yen Friday.