OTC Focus:
   Index Drops 0.59% on Profit-Taking
   Amid Worry That a Correction Is Due
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Nasdaq Composite Index slipped 3.68, or 0.59%, to
621.00, but advancing issues outpaced decliners, 1,090 to
1,050. National Market System volume totaled 157,560,000
shares, compared with 187,650,000 on Friday.
   On the Big Board, meanwhile, the New York Stock Exchange
Composite Index slipped 0.23, or 0.10%, while the Dow Jones
Industrial Average gained 7.83, or 0.24%.
   "It seems like the rotation out of the highflyers --
{computer} technology and medical technology -- and into the
cyclicals is still going on," said George Jennison,
co-manager of OTC trading at Wheat FirstButcher  Singer.
Weakness in these groups has been evident for several weeks,
even though the Nasdaq market as a whole has remained
relatively buoyant.
   The Nasdaq 100 Index, which tracks the performance of some
of the largest nonfinancial stocks, dropped 9.95, or 1.44%.
Among prominent stocks, Microsoft lost 4 to 120 5/8, Intel
fell 1 to 61 3/8, Novell dropped 1 1/4 to 56 1/2 and Amgen
fell 3 1/4 to 67.
   Marc Perkins, head of the Tampa, Fla., brokerage firm
Perkins Smith, made cautious comments about Amgen's shares in
Barron's magazine this week.
   Robert O'Toole Sr., head of Nasdaq institutional sales at
Lehman Brothers, said overall "sell" orders for the day at
that firm outpaced "buy" orders by about a 2-to-1 margin. The
trader said many investors were keeping the funds generated
from their stock sales in cash, instead of putting the money
back into other stocks.
   "I don't know what they are going to do with the
proceeds," Mr. O'Toole said. "Maybe they are going to wait a
little while until the market corrects down a little more."
   Mary Farrell, market strategist at PaineWebber Inc., said
she doesn't expect a prolonged pullback in the Nasdaq market.
"The interest rate declines have stalled here and that has
stalled the market. But as the recovery plays out as a modest
one, you should again see the growth stocks getting
investors' attention," she said.
   Among initial public offerings, Fleet Call Inc. came back
to the market with scaled-back plans after the Rutherford,
N.J., paging and dispatch services concern postponed an 11
million share offering in December. Fleet Call, which hasn't
been profitable since its inception in 1987, cited market
conditions when it delayed the deal, but analysts suggested
that investors balked at the originally planned price of $18
to $20 a share. Late yesterday, underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch  Co. priced a 7.5 million-share offering of Fleet
Call's Class A shares at $15 apiece.
   Tele-Communications Class A shares led the Nasdaq
most-active list, easing 5/8 to 15 7/8 on volume of 1.8
million shares. Questions were raised about some of the
company's business practices in a profile published in
yesterday's Wall Street Journal.
   Also active was Telco Systems, which fell 1 5/8 to 12 1/8
on 1.5 million shares. Its chief financial officer, John
Ruggiero, said earnings for the second quarter, ending in
March, will be in the range of 18 cents to 23 cents a share.
The sluggish economy has depressed sales of some of the
company's telephone-network access products. Analysts had
expected net of 28 cents to 29 cents a share; a year ago
Telco earned 26 cents a share.
   Arkansas Freightways fell 3 1/4 to 32 1/2. Its
fourth-quarter earnings fell to 20 cents a share from 33
cents a share a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by First
Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks, had given a mean
estimate of 38 cents a share for the latest quarter.
   Mentor Graphics gained 5/8 to 18 1/4 after Prudential
Securities analyst Laura Conigliaro upgraded her investment
rating on the stock to "buy" from "hold," Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said. She expects the Beaverton,
Ore., company to earn 40 cents a share in 1992 and $1.10 a
share in 1993.
   Checkers Drive-In jumped 2 1/4 to 31 1/2 after Dean Witter
Reynolds analyst David Adelman raised his 1992 earnings
estimate for the company to 90 cents a share from 80 cents a
share. Herbert Brown, chairman of the fast-food restaurant
operator, said he is comfortable with the new estimate.
   Medical Graphics lost 2 1/2 to 14 1/2. The company
estimated its fourth-quarter net at four cents to six cents a
share, down from its year-ago net of seven cents a share. It
blamed the results on its lack so far of a Food and Drug
Administration marketing approval for its portable pulmonary
function testing laboratory product.
   Hutchinson Technology gained 1 1/2 to 24 3/4 after it
recorded earnings of 54 cents a share for the first quarter,
ended Dec. 29, up from year-ago net of 35 cents a share. It
cited reduced manufacturing costs and a shift in sales toward
higher-margin products.
   Concord Computing dropped 4 1/2 to 20 3/4. A William Blair
 Co. analyst trimmed his earnings estimate for its fiscal
year ending in September 1992 to 80 cents a share from 85
cents a share.
   Digi International sank 2 1/4 to 24 1/2. The company
reported net income of 26 cents a share for its first
quarter, ended last month, up from 21 cents a share a year
ago, but somewhat below the mean First Call estimate of 28
cents a share.
   Society for Savings dropped 7/8 to 5. The company had a
fourth-quarter loss of $4.95 a share, compared with a
year-ago deficit of $4.60 a share. The bank entered a
cease-and-desist order with regulators, under which it agreed
to take a number of steps to improve its operations.
   Safeco added 1/2 to 48. The insurer posted fourth-quarter
net income of $1.35 a share, compared with $1.48 a share a
year earlier. The year-ago figure included a gain of 47 cents
a share.