Marketing  Media:
   WPP Earnings
   Slid 39% in '91;
   Outlook Is Dim
   ----
   By Joanne Lipman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
That renegotiation would come even though the company had
restructured its debt with bankers last spring. Some analysts
rushed to lower their 1992 earnings estimates for the
debt-laden advertising giant in the wake of yesterday's
earnings announcement.
   WPP said net fell last year, for the first time since
1983, to #31 million from #50.6 million in 1990. Earnings per
American Depositary Receipt, each of which is equivalent to
two WPP shares, slid to 98 cents from $2.79. Revenue fell
4.7%, to #1.2 billion from #1.26 billion.
   The results included #17.74 million of exceptional profit
items; without that accounting device, pretax profit from
operations plunged 57%, to #38.4 million.
   WPP said the poor results reflected weak advertising
markets in both the U.S. and the U.K. U.S. revenue was
especially hard hit, falling 8.8%. For U.S. units, revenue
dropped 5% at Ogilvy  Mather, 3% at J. Walter Thompson Co.,
and 9% at Scali, McCabe, Sloves. Public relations fared even
worse, with revenue at Hill  Knowlton plunging by 11% and
leading to a loss for the PR firm.
   Given the company's financial troubles, "It's very clear
they still have to renegotiate these {debt payments} with the
bankers. It's just further uncertainty, which can't be good
when you're pitching new business," says Vighnesh Padiachy,
an analyst with Barclays de Zoete Webb in London. He lowered
his projection for WPP's 1992 pretax operating earnings,
before exceptional expenses, to #47 million from #57 million.
   WPP also confirmed that it is trying to raise money
through asset sales. It has talked with Interpublic Group
about selling its Scali unit. WPP is also considering a
public offering of 40% of the group's Japanese and southeast
Asian business, and 66% of its market research operations.
   The company hopes the various asset sales could bring in
as much as $200 million, according to executives familiar
with the plans. But at best, analysts believe, Scali alone
would fetch $60 million to $70 million. Meanwhile, the
company said net debt increased to $625 million from $580
million, and analysts believe total debt is close to $1
billion.