World Markets:
   Tokyo Equities Retreat, Ending Recent Gains;
   Frankfurt Stocks Drop in Reaction to Wage Pact
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Wednesday, the Nikkei rose 34.17 points to close the
morning session at 22033.77.
   First-section volume was estimated at 180 million shares,
down from 210.1 million shares on Monday. Losers outnumbered
gainers, 550-380, and 180 issues were unchanged. The Tokyo
Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first-section issues,
which added 1.68 points Monday, declined 3.76 to 1628.86.
   Selling by arbitragers and investment trust funds Tuesday
weighed on the thin market, where investors returned to the
sidelines because of expected pressure to shed stocks above
22000 on the Nikkei. A decline in Japanese bond prices also
discouraged buying of stocks that are sensitive to interest
rates. Meanwhile, selective buying by individual investors
pushed up small-capitalization shares with strong earnings
outlooks.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index ended down 3.4 points at 2556.8. Advancing stocks
totaled 47 and declining stocks totaled 43, and 10 finished
unchanged. The FT 30-stock index gave up 5.5 points to
1978.7. Volume was 468.8 million shares, compared with 414.8
million shares a day earlier.
   Given little news to affect the market, London trading was
lackluster and stocks moved aimlessly. Most investors on the
sidelines were assessing the economic, political and
interest-rate climates to decide whether to commit any fresh
funds. Wall Street's initial direction Tuesday also failed to
spark any new investment in London.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index lost 12.61 points to
1676.40, after opening lower and trading in a narrow range,
though trading was subdued.
   The high-priced settlement for Germany's steel industry
led most big shares lower. The DAX a day early attempted a
rally after the steel industry averted a strike with the wage
accord, but market enthusiasm Tuesday was undermined after
closer analysis of the steep 6.35% pay raise. Not only will
the weak steel industry find it difficult to swallow the pay
boost, but the agreement could set a high benchmark for talks
in other German industries. Costly wage settlements in
heavily unionized Germany could shrink profit margins, drive
costs higher, heat up inflation and force the central bank to
keep interest rates high. Expectations for lower rates had
propelled the DAX upward this year.
   Elsewhere in Europe, share prices generally were flat to
lower in uninspired dealings. Madrid stocks bucked the trend,
posting broad gains in a late-session rally on buying by
domestic investors.
   In Sydney, where investors were jittery ahead of the
Australian government's economic statement planned for Feb.
26, shares dropped to pre-Christmas levels. Wellington
equities recovered from an early slippage, as sentiment was
buoyed by data showing New Zealand's gross domestic product
rose 1.3% in the quarter ended Sept. 30, ending six quarterly
declines in a row. Many Asian and Pacific markets were closed
Tuesday for holiday observances.
   Among corporate developments, in Frankfurt, Lufthansa
skidded 8.50 marks, or 4.5%, to 172.50 marks ($107.71). The
52%-state owned German flag carrier said it expects to post a
1991 group net loss of as much as 400 million marks ($249.8
million), citing the Persian Gulf War's effect on the
industry, despite Lufthansa's record passenger total last
year and a revenue gain that it didn't specify. Lufthansa's
business and profitability were set back in the fourth
quarter, reversing an earnings recovery in the previous two
quarters.
   In Paris, Elf Aquitaine eased 2 French francs to 363.40
francs ($66.59). The French state-controlled oil company's
1991 profit after payments to minority interests fell a
provisional 7.5% to 9.8 billion francs ($1.8 billion), in
line with Elf's previous estimates. Elf attributed the
decline to lower crude-oil prices, a depressed market for
petrochemicals, and a steep increase in capital spending.
   In Milan, Fiat common fell 64 lire, or 1.3%, to 5,037 lire
($4.19). The auto maker, facing sluggish market conditions,
plans to reduce its total work force by about 10,300 this
year through attrition and early retirements, union sources
said after a meeting of Fiat, union and Labor Ministry
officials. Without elaborating on details, Fiat confirmed the
talks on proposals for job cuts. Fiat has asked for
government permission to put about 4,930 workers on early
retirement; government approval is needed for early
retirements, which are partly subsidized.
   In Stockholm, Electrolux Class B unrestricted shares
jumped 11 kronor, or 4.7%, to 247 kronor ($42.48) in heavy
trading. The maker of appliances and other equipment said in
a preliminary report that 1991 pretax profit after financial
items decreased 27% to 1.03 billion kronor ($177.2 million)
from a year earlier. But the stock was boosted by
Electrolux's leaving the dividend unchanged at 12.50 kronor a
share; the company cited good prospects for core operations.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This
                                  Feb 3   Jan 31    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ..........................  383.5   382.8   -  1.7
 Britain .......................  756.2   760.4   +  2.6
 Canada ........................  406.6   406.5   +  2.8
 Japan .........................  944.4   945.9   -  4.5
 France ........................  524.8   529.3   +  4.9
 Germany .......................  261.7   259.5   +  7.5
 Hong Kong ..................... 3416.2  3362.1   + 10.4
 Switzerland ...................  217.0   217.1   +  5.8
 Australia .....................  341.8   344.8   -  2.7
 World index ...................  524.3   524.4   -  2.1