Year-End Review of Stock Markets:
   Debt-Paring Fuels Surge
   In Initial Stock Offerings
   ----
   By Anne Newman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The IPO market began the year dormant, unnerved by the
Persian Gulf crisis, but soared in March as the war ended.
Investment bankers didn't look back as they hustled to sell
$16.4 billion in stock by 360 newly public companies,
excluding investment funds, just behind the 1986 record of
$18.3 billion. An additional 454 already-public companies
sold $29.8 billion more in new shares, making 1991 a record
year for all stock sales, according to IDD Information
Services Inc.
   Investors profited handsomely: Standard & Poor's Corp.'s
index of new issues doubled as of Dec. 30, more-than twice
the full-year rise of 46.6% in the S&P Mid-Cap Index and
three times the 26.3% gain in the S&P 500-Stock Index. Many
investors simply "flipped" their hot new stocks, or sold them
quickly.
   As the year closed, investment bankers rushed to push out
a big backlog of IPOs and filed an unusually large number
that they hope to bring to market in 1992. Bankers for
economically sensitive IPOs, such as USX Corp.'s USX-Marathon
Group, delayed their plans, but underwriters for
emerging-growth companies remained bullish.
   "There's still a lot of energy out there in terms of new
ideas, new products and new systems that need capital," says
Gar Richlin, head of investment banking for Alex. Brown &
Sons.
   Portfolio managers, overwhelmed by the numbers, remain
cautious as they sort through a mixed bag of prospects among
105 companies that hope to go public this month. "They range
from junk with sweetheart deals for management to
high-quality deals," says Robert Czepiel, manager of the
Robertson Stephens Emerging Growth Fund. "It's a little bit
like lighting a match and looking into your gas tank," he
adds. "You don't know if you're going to get your head blown
off."
   As corporate America continues to thirst for equity, IPOs
are expected to remain strong throughout 1992, particularly
if President Bush succeeds in getting the economy rolling
before the election. Look for biotechnology, health-care and
computer-related IPOs early in the year, says Robert Natale,
new-issues market for Standard & Poor's. Next will come
companies that tend to do well in the early stage of a
recovery, such as retailers and entertainment concerns,
followed by the big steel, auto and other economically
sensitive companies.
   Nearly one-third of the proceeds from last year's IPOs
were raised by formerly public companies such as Duracell
that were taken private and piled on debt during the
leveraged-buy-out binge of the 1980s. These mostly big
companies floated the year's biggest offerings; 54 so-called
reverse LBOs raised $5.2 billion, which was used mostly to
shed debt. Their performance was mixed, however, as
investors' hopes for many economically sensitive companies
faded along with the economy: Duracell more than doubled, but
retailer AnnTaylor fell 42%.
   The majority of IPOs continued to be companies going
public for the first time. Credit-card specialist MBNA Corp.
weighed in as the largest with a $689.3 million offering in a
spinoff from MNC Financial, a troubled Maryland bank, and
rose a robust 58%.
   Biotechnology stocks were the rage, as investors dreamed
of big rewards from the gene-splicing technology that's
revolutionizing medicine and promising treatments for such
diseases as Alzheimer's, cancer and acquired immune
deficiency syndrome: 43 biotech IPOs raised $1.2 billion and
rose an average 59%.
   International issues commanded a growing share of the
new-issues market as investors rushed to invest in newly
privatized companies around the world. Hot foreign issues
included telephone companies in developing countries, such as
Telefonos de Mexico S.A., or Telmex, which rose 72%. `It's
all part of the internationalization of equity markets," says
Mr. Natale of S&P.
   ---
                    The Year's Biggest IPOs
                                                                                                       

                      DOLLAR

 ISSUER    DATE    (in millions)  PRICE    CLOSE     CHANGE
                                                                                                       

 MBNA
           Jan. 22    $689.3     $22.50    $35.63    58.36%
                                                                                                       

 Owens-Illinois
           Dec. 11     528.0      11.00     12.00     9.09
                                                                                                       

 Healthtrust
           Dec. 12     511.0      14.00     15.25     8.93
                                                                                                       

 Exel
           July 18     487.2      25.50     37.50    47.06
                                                                                                       

 Duracell International
           May 1       365.6      15.00     34.50   130.00
                                                                                                       

 Ambac
           July 11     292.0      20.00     35.00    75.00
                                                                                                       

 Health Care & Retirement
           Oct. 17     263.1      17.00     22.13    30.18
                                                                                                       

 Destac Energy
           March 14    240.0      20.00     19.75    -1.25
                                                                                                       

 Telecom Corp. of New Zealand
           July 16     237.1      22.58     28.63    26.79
                                                                                                       

 Total S.A.
           Oct. 24     233.8      19.48     23.63    21.30
                                                                                                       

   Source: IDD Information Services