Economy:
   Tiny Trade Gap
   In November Is
   Mixed Blessing
   ---
   Deficit Fell to $3.57 Billion
   As Cautious Consumers
   Bought Fewer Imports
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The result was a trade deficit of $3.57 billion -- the
smallest since March 1983 and $2.75 billion less than
October's.
   The 5.5% drop in imports was the main reason for the
sharply smaller November deficit. The decline was
concentrated in capital goods, autos, industrial supplies and
consumer goods.
   Exports, at a record $37.46 billion, were 0.9% above the
previous high in October. Capital goods were also behind the
rise in exports -- especially airplanes, which rose 5.0% in
October. "Even though we have seen weakness and erosion in
some of our trading partners, the U.S. has remained strong
because of pricing and increased marketing," said Stuart
Hoffman, senior economist for PNC Financial Corp. in
Pittsburgh.
   Despite the positive trade news -- Acting Commerce
Secretary Rockwell Schnabel estimates the 1991 deficit will
be the lowest since 1983 -- analysts warn that as soon as
consumer demand picks up, the trade gap will widen. Deficits
traditionally shrink during a recession because of lackluster
demand at home.
   "There is so much pent-up demand, but so much depends on
an increase in confidence," said Priscilla Trumbull of the
WEFA Group, economics consultants, in suburban Philadelphia.
   The trade report showed that the largest deficit is with
Japan, at $3.41 billion; and the next largest is with China,
at $1.34 billion. The U.S. in November narrowed its trade gap
with all countries with which it has deficits, except
Singapore; the deficit with Singapore remained unchanged at
$200 million.