New York City Law
   To Bar Surcharge
   On Auto Rentals
   ----
   By Kevin Pritchett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The surcharges were in response to Hertz's exposure to
losses from vicarious liability lawsuits, in which rental
companies are charged with being responsible for the actions
of renters involving rental cars, and because Hertz considers
customers in certain New York City boroughs high-risk and
prone to sue. Hertz said it has sustained high liability
losses over the last several years from New York area rentals
by local residents.
   The new law, which Mayor David Dinkins has to sign,
prohibits car rental companies from refusing to rent to
consumers based on their residence, or from levying
surcharges based on the residence of a renter. It passed by a
35-14 vote of the council.
   Hertz, based in Park Ridge, N.J., said it plans to
challenge the new city law in court if it is fully enacted.
The company contends the law will force it to raise rates
around the country, making out-of-city and and out-of-state
renters subsidize the high-risk renters in New York. Hertz
also says the law is unconstitutional under the federal and
state constitutions. Hertz is 49% owned by Ford Motor Co.
   Some Republican members of the largely Democratic council
sought unsuccessfully to amend the bill to allow Hertz to
impose the surcharges only on renters with bad driving
records.