Economy:
   Tracking the Economy
   ----
   By David Wessel
Look for more signs of a weak economy this week,
particularly from the government's important monthly report
on the job market.
   Richard Berner, an economist at Salomon Brothers Inc.,
expects the Labor Department to report that payrolls fell by
80,000 in Decemner on top of the 241,000-job decline reported
for November. "Weakness in manufacturing is likely to
continue," he says. "Even though by traditional measures
inventories look lean, manufacturers want to get them
leaner."
   Service industries also continue to pare their work forces
as they streamline operations. Mr. Berner expects the new
data to show that retailers and state and local governments
cut their work forces in December. But construction
employment probably won't fall much more after November's
huge decline, he predicts.
   Even after the economy begins growing, hiring tends to
lag. And Mr. Berner doesn't foresee any significant pickup in
the economy until the recent cuts in interest rates take hold
in the second quarter.
   The silver lining in the dark cloud will be that inflation
remains docile, Mr. Berner says. He predicts a 0.1% dip in
the producer price index for December. "The underlying trend
in wage growth is modest," he says. "That means cost
pressures are subsiding. But it also means, of course, that
consumers have less income."
                                                                                                       


                                                                                                       

 ECONOMIC                  RELEASE   PREVIOUS  MMS CONSENSUS
 INDICATOR         PERIOD    DATE     ACTUAL      FORECAST
                                                                                                       

 Car Sales        December  Jan. 6  8.3 million  6.2 million
                                                                                                       

 Consumer                             +$802         +$0.1
   Credit         November  Jan. 8    million      million
                                                                                                       

 Producer
   Price Index    December  Jan. 9    +0.2%       No change
                                                                                                       

 Initial Jobless  Week to
   Claims         Dec. 28   Jan. 9    438,000       448,000
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:    Week to             +$0.1
   M1             Dec. 30   Jan. 9    billion          N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:    Week to             -$9.6
   M2             Dec. 30   Jan. 9    billion          N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:    Week to             -14.7
   M3             Dec. 30   Jan. 9    billion          N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Non-Farm
   Payrolls       December  Jan. 10   -241,000      -50,000
                                                                                                       

 Unemployment
   Rate           December  Jan. 10     6.8%           6.9%
                                                                                                       

                   Statistics Released Last Week
                                                                                                       

 Leading Indicators                             145.1
   November                                     -0.3%
                                                                                                       

 Single-Family Home Sales                     520,000
   November                                 No change
                                                                                                       

 Construction Spending                 $406.3 billion
   November                                     -0.6%
                                                                                                       

 Purchasing Managers' Survey                    46.5%
   December
                                                                                                       

 Factory Orders                       $244.89 billion
   November                                     +0.6%
                                                                                                       

   Sources: Datastream International and MMS International
                                                                                                       

   N.A.=Not available