What's News --
   Business and Finance
Fox's Barry Diller quit as head of the News Corp. movie
and TV unit, saying he wants to start or buy his own
communications concern. News Corp. Chairman Ruport Murdoch
will take direct control of Fox. Diller and Murdoch called
their split amicable.
   ---
   Merrill Lynch named Daniel Tully chief executive. He
succeeds William Schreyer, who remains chairman. Tully is
expected to become chairman when Schreyer retires in 1993.
   ---
   Advanced Micro Devices won a partial victory in its battle
with Intel over AMD's clone of Intel's 386 personal computer
chip. An arbitrator awarded AMD $15.3 million and the rights
to the technologies in its clone.
   ---
   Chrysler Vice Chairman Steve Miller quit after criticizing
Chairman Lee Iacocca for such things as the lack of a firm
succession plan. Miller is becoming an investment banker.
   ---
   Buyers of SLs before a 1989 law rescinded lax accounting
rules are entitled to restitution from the government that
could total hundreds of millions of dollars, a judge ruled.
   ---
   A proposed tax rule that would aid companies that buy
"intangible" assets was made retroactive by the Ways and
Means panel's Democrats. The change could cost the government
hundreds of millions of dollars.
   ---
   United Technologies picked George David as president and
chief operating officer and the likely successor to Chairman
Robert Daniell. The designation prompted the departure of
Arthur Wegner, the other potential contender for the No. 1
spot.
   ---
   The Dow Jones industrials edged up to another record,
gaining 2.23 points to close at 3282.42. But over-the-counter
stocks lost ground. Bond prices fell and the dollar was
mixed.
   ---
   Eleven penny-stock brokers and three companies were
acquitted of all charges brought in an undercover federal
investigation of alleged fraud in the sale of low-priced
stocks.
   ---
   The Supreme Court agreed to decide whether accountants may
be sued under the federal racketeering law for fraudulent
activity with client companies that they didn't manage.
   ---
   A Price Waterhouse employee who audited BCCI received
$100,000 from an affiliate of the bank two years after
leaving the accounting firm.
   ---
   The EC assailed the U.S. for threatening trade sanctions
against European public procurement laws, saying the U.S.
insists on discriminating against foreign suppliers.
   ---
   Tokyo stock prices sank Monday in light trading. The
Nikkei index fell 318.57 points, or 1.5%, to 20973.24. London
and Frankfurt shares gained.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 177,470,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3282.42, up 2.23; transportation 1451.79, off 15.14;
utilities 203.74, off 0.50.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4158.37, off 8.49.
   Commodities: Oil $18.43 a barrel, off 23 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.32, off 0.75; spot index 118.57, off 0.15.
   Dollar: 129.13 yen, up 0.18; 1.6527 marks, off 0.0033.