Law:
   Want a Divorce?
   Better Not Settle
   In Passaic County
   ---
   New Jersey Judge Calls Halt
   To Routine Marital Cases,
   Blaming Bench Vacancies
   ----
   By Junda Woo
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Judges say they are overburdened, and matrimonial trials
are the least important of their various cases. "We just
can't do it any more," said Superior Court Judge Carmen
Ferrante, noting that the superior court has handled 15,000
family court cases of all types since July.
   But some divorce lawyers, and many of their clients, are
fuming. Generally, they've already waited two or three years
for their cases to come to trial. And because most divorce
cases are settled before trial, the ones affected by the
freeze tend to be the most rancorous.
   "I can't sell my house. I don't know if it's my house or
his. I can't do anything to move on with my life," said
Judith Davis, a Wayne, N.J., resident who sought a divorce
three years ago from her husband of 23 years. "No marriage is
bad enough to go through this kind of pain."
   Mrs. Davis, an unemployed customer service representative,
said the wait is harder on her than on her husband because he
is more financially stable. Michael Diamond, head of the
Passaic County Bar Association, said such a pattern is
typical and that women will be hurt more by the delay.
   "It's hard on everybody," said Wayne divorce lawyer John
Fiorello. "Kids get older, incomes change. The longer a
divorce drags on, the more difficult it gets."
   It's unusual for a jurisdiction to freeze divorce cases,
said Indiana Circuit Court Judge Howard E. Petersen,
co-chairman of the American Bar Association's family courts
committee. Most overloaded courts turn to mediators or
special masters to ease the burden.