Economy:
   Factory Orders Fell 3.8% in December
   As Manufacturers Ended '91 Sluggishly
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The report "says that the old year ended on a very soft
note in the manufacturing sector, and the new one begins on
the very same note," said Bruce Steinberg, economist with
Merrill Lynch  Co. "I think the main message here is, while
there may be a turnaround on the horizon, it's not here just
yet."
   The early months of 1992 may be shaping up like a case of
economic deja vu, as many analysts now forecasting recovery
by the second quarter are doing so less confidently,
acknowledging that this prediction could be wrong, as many
similar forecasts have been over the past six months.
   "Thumbs down on the economy from this report," said Samuel
D. Kahan, chief economist for Fuji Securities Inc. in
Chicago. "I think it will pick up at some point, but
certainly there's no indication from the numbers that it's
going to come about -- certainly not these numbers.
   "These figures are just reinforcement of what we know --
that the economy is weak and today shows no signs of picking
up," Mr. Kahan added.
   But a survey of business executives who make up the board
of the National Association of Manufacturers found nearly
two-thirds expect the economy to grow by at least 1.4% during
1992, a forecast that implies a modest rebound in the coming
months. About 57% said exports will be about the same as in
1991, but 38% expect "significantly higher" exports; the
remaining 5% see a drop in exports. The survey was conducted
last week and released yesterday.
   Separately, the Labor Department said initial claims for
state unemployment benefits fell 10,000 in the week ended
Jan. 25 to a seasonally adjusted 450,000. In the week ended
Jan. 18, a total of 3,365,000 people were receiving state
benefits, up from the previous week's revised 3,329,000.
   The Commerce Department said new orders for nondurable
goods declined 2.4% in December, while orders for durable
goods fell 5.2%; in a preliminary report a week ago, the
decline in durable goods was put at 5%.
   For the year, new factory orders totaled $2.843 trillion,
down 2.7% from 1990, marking the first annual decline since
1986, when they fell 0.3%.
   All the monthly figures are adjusted for seasonal
fluctuations but not for inflation.
   ---
                      FACTORY ORDERS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's latest figures for
manufacturers in billions of dollars, seasonally adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                              Dec.        Nov.
                              1991        1991     %Chg.
                                                                                                       

 All industries               233.83      243.14   - 3.8
   Durable goods              117.55      124.05   - 5.2
   Nondurable goods           116.29      119.09   - 2.4
                                                                                                       

   Capital goods industries
   Nondefense                  29.02       34.88   -16.8
   Defense                      9.57        5.15    85.8
                                                                                                       

 Total shipments              236.21      245.48   - 3.8
                                                                                                       

 Inventories                  375.86      377.82   - 0.5
                                                                                                       

 Backlog of orders            510.87      513.24   - 0.5