Abreast of the Market:
   Dow Industrials Rise to a Record,
   But Barely, on Moderate Volume
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Big Board volume dropped to 177,470,000 shares -- only
moderate by 1992 standards -- from 259,540,000 Friday.
   Though it posted a new high, the industrial average
remained within a 60-point range that has prevailed since
Jan. 13.
   "This is an election year and there's a continuing
recession, so investors are taking a wait-and-see attitude
towards stocks now," said Susan Del Signore, a senior trader
at Traveler's Investment Management Co. "They want to see
some solid changes in the economic numbers."
   In particular, Ms. Del Signore and other traders said,
investors are hoping to see reports of strong earnings at
companies sensitive to the economic cycle. There is some
concern that prices of cyclical stocks may have been pushed
too high relative to the profits these companies will be able
to earn this year.
   Airlines, for instance, gave up some of last week's gains.
UAL lost 1 3/4 to 153 1/2, Delta Air Lines fell 1 5/8 to 70
1/4, and AMR dropped 5/8 to 77 7/8. Many investors watch
airlines closely because of their influence on the Dow Jones
Transporation Average. According to a theory first proposed
by Charles Dow, the coincident rise of transportation and
industrial stocks indicates strength in the overall market.
   Shares of home builders and forest-product companies also
declined. Kaufman  Broad Home lost 1/2 to 21, Ryland Group
sagged 1 1/8 to 26 1/2, and Clayton Homes lost 7/8 to 22.
International Paper dropped 1 1/4 to 76 1/2; Georgia-Pacific
lost 2 to 66 5/8, and Louisiana-Pacific sagged 3/8 to 58 3/4.
   Because home builders are broadly seen to benefit early
from an economic recovery, many investors buy these stocks as
recessions appear to end. But big profit gains are unlikely
this year, says Jeanne Terrile, a construction industry
analyst at Merrill Lynch.
   "There are strong earnings that will come in for the home
builder, but you won't see them in 1992," she said. "It'll be
an item in 1993 and 1994." Ms. Terrile added that the stocks
can be expected to take "some rest" now because "they've been
going up for a year and a half."
   Investors appeared to express continuing optimism about
the economic recovery in their treatment of other cyclicals.
For instance, General Motors slipped only 5/8 to 37 3/4,
though it spelled out previously disclosed plans to trim its
work force by 71,000 through plant closings. Chrysler dropped
1/8 to 16 7/8, and Ford lost 5/8 to 36 7/8.
   Birmingham Steel dropped 1 1/8 to 26 1/8. The company said
it expects, within two weeks, to file a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a
public offering of 2.5 million shares. Proceeds would be used
partly to reduce debt and to increase production capacity.
   RJR Nabisco gained 1/4 to 10 1/4. The giant food and
tobacco concern announced it bought back $1 billion principal
amount of high-cost debt in a private transaction. The
buy-back will result in an after-tax charge of about $160
million in the first quarter.
   Unocal Exploration added 1 1/2 to 11 3/8. The oil and gas
exploration company will merge with 96%-owner Unocal Corp.,
an oil company. At the time of the merger, Unocal exploration
shareholders will receive 0.54 Unocal common share for each
share of Unocal Exploration. The company said it expects to
complete the deal by May 2. Unocal Corp. lost 5/8 to 21.
   Two gambling equipment stocks fell after being highlighted
in the Heard on the Street column in yesterday's edition of
this newspaper. International Game Technology lost 2 3/4 to
56 1/4 and WMS Industries dropped 2 to 36 1/2. The column
suggested that investors may be pushing the stocks' prices
too high too quickly in anticipation of future earnings at
both companies.
   Bank of Boston lost 1 1/8 to 18 1/4. Late Friday, the bank
holding company filed to offer eight million common shares.
The company now has about 75.4 million shares outstanding.
   Mauna Loa Macadamia Partners lost 1 3/8 to 8 1/4. The
macadamia nut producer announced sharply lower earnings of
six cents a share for the fourth quarter vs. 17 cents a year
earlier. The company said the earnings drop primarily
reflected a drop in the price of macadamia nuts and the
continuing effects of the recession.