As Bailout Nears
   End, RTC to Close
   Some of Its Offices
   ----
   By Paulette Thomas
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"We're looking at the fact that we don't have a lot of
institutions left," a spokesman for the agency said, "and we
don't expect a tremendous amount of takeovers in the next
year."
   Already, Mr. Casey has trimmed the RTC staff by 8%, or 694
jobs, in 1992. Many are career employees who will return to
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
   "The regional offices are high-risk," one official said,
referring to offices in Denver, Dallas, Kansas City, Mo., and
Atlanta, where other RTC sales and management offices are
located. "They are just another layer of review." Agency
officials hope to make a decision as early as next week.
   Any way you cut it, the three-year-old agency is entering
the final phase of the SL mop-up. It has sold or liquidated
602 of the 686 failed SLs it seized. Moreover, it has sold
$240 billion in thrift assets, leaving another $129 billion
of mostly lesser-quality assets on the block.
   Moreover, in the last year, falling interest rates and the
SL takeovers themselves have pushed the remainder of the
loss-ridden industry back into the black, earning $1.97
billion in 1991. Probably only another 50 to 100 SLs will be
seized. The biggest question remaining in the bailout is
whether the government will eventually take over three large,
weak California SLs.
   Rumors are flying in field offices that election-year
politics are pushing the agency into a more lenient posture
with SL borrowers, a notion that the RTC spokesman and other
officials dismiss, particularly because Mr. Casey has pushed
for faster sales and liquidations.