Chase, PNC Report Improved Results
   Amid Signs Problem Loans Are Easing
   ----
   By Steven Lipin and James S. Hirsch
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The easing, if sustainable, could mean improved
profitability in 1992, as banks take fewer hits against
earnings for real estate loans and loans to highly leveraged
companies. That could make it easier for banks to raise
capital and extend new credit, experts said.
   "I think there's a growing consensus that commercial-loan
problems are stable to down for many institutions," said Greg
Root, president of the credit rating concern Thomson
BankWatch.
   "It could give banks greater flexibility in generating
capital," said Mr. Root. "To the extent that it's real and
sustainable, it's a positive for the industry and the
economy."
   In recent days First Chicago Corp., Chemical Banking Corp.
and J.P. Morgan  Co. all reported no rise in nonperforming
assets or actual declines in the non-accrual portfolios.
Citicorp will release its financial results next week, but
said yesterday that the rate of growth in bad loans slowed.
   Still, analysts cautioned that banks could still have to
set aside sizable provisions for losses already recognized,
and that could continue to be a drag on earnings. The economy
is obviously still a wild card that could affect asset
quality. And so far West Coast banks are still experiencing
new problem loans.
   "There's hope that the pipeline of new problems is drying
up, but it's too early to say that existing reserves can
cover all" problem assets, said Tanya Azarchs, ratings
analyst at Standard  Poor's Corp.
   New York-based Chase earned 80 cents a share in the fourth
quarter, better than Wall Street's estimates of around 64
cents but down from year-earlier results of $193 million, or
$1.32 a share. For the full year the nation's fifth largest
bank recorded net income of $520 million, or $3.12 a share,
compared with a 1990 net loss of $334 million, or $3.31 a
share.
   Chase attributed the results to improved spreads between
lending and borrowing rates, better trading profits, and
stronger fee-based revenue. Net interest revenue rose to $868
million in the fourth quarter from $839 million a year
earlier. Consumer banking profit rose to $527 million in the
year from $426 million in 1990. Meanwhile, Chase's
expense-reduction program is successfully on track, with
total operating expenses falling 7.3% in 1991.
   "They seem to be heading into '92 with a good game plan
and some momentum in consumer banking," said Judah Kraushaar,
banking analyst at Merrill Lynch.
   While nonperforming assets fell, Chase is still setting
aside reserves for existing bad loans. Its fourth-quarter
provision rose to $315 million, from $265 million in the
third quarter. Chase's provision for possible loan losses
fell to $1.1 billion for 1991, down from $1.3 billion for
1990. Excluding developing country loans, nonperforming
assets slipped to $3.37 billion from $3.4 billion three
months ago.
   Pittsburgh-based PNC earned $100.6 million, or 97 cents a
share, in the fourth quarter, compared with a year-earlier
loss of $168.3 million, or $1.77 a share. The grim
year-earlier quarter, the bank's worst ever, reflected a huge
$430 million creditloss provision, primarily for bad
commercial real-estate loans andother high-risk lending. For
the 1991 fourth quarter, PNC's provision for credit losses
totaled $72.4 million.
   PNC, the nation's 15th largest bank with $44.9 billion in
assets, used 1991 to build capital and chisel away at assets
not earning interest, and those trends continued in the
fourth quarter. In November, PNC issued 10.4 million shares
of common stock and raised $428.6 million. Total interest
expense fell to $490.8 million in the fourth quarter,
compared with $701.8 million, a 30% decline in interest
costs.
   PNC in the quarter also shaved off its books $97 million
in nonperforming assets, the bank's largest decline of the
year, and bad assets now total $1.08 billion. PNC's credit
allowance as a percentage of nonperforming loans increased to
104.7%, up from 95.6% at the end of the third quarter and 77%
at year-end 1990.
   For the year, PNC's profit totaled $389.8 million, or
$3.95 a share, as the bank benefited from a $92.7 million
gain on the sale of subsidiaries and net investment security
gains of $70 million. Year-earlier earnings totaled $70.9
million, or 73 cents a share.
   In late New York Stock Exchange trading, PNC shares were
quoted at $47.625 a share, down 12.5 cents, while Chase's
stock was quoted at $20.125 a share, up 25 cents.