Petro-Canada, BP
   Canada Set Sale
   To Amoco Unit
   ----
   By Suzanne McGee
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A package of oil and gas producing assets will form part
of the acquisition price for BP Canada's 50% stake in the
Wolf Lake project, a spokeswoman for the British Petroleum
PLC unit confirmed. Petro-Canada, an oil and gas production,
marketing and refining concern, said it will receive cash for
its interest.
   Since the project to extract the thick crude known as
heavy oil began in 1986, BP Canada said it has invested C$220
million in Wolf Lake and will write down the current carrying
value of its investment. Analysts said the full remaining
carrying value of C$110 million carrying cost likely will be
charged against BP Canada's 1991 net income.
   Petro-Canada, which invested C$154 million in Wolf Lake,
wrote down the carrying value in 1989.
   The Wolf Lake project has been hard hit by lower prices
for heavier grades of crude oil, used mostly for making
asphalt for roads and driveways or for refining into a
lighter oil or gasoline. The Wolf Lake production is bitumen,
an extremely heavy oil that can be extracted only after
forcing stream into the field to liquify the oil.
   A spokesman for Amoco Canada said that the company's U.S.
parent recently has retrofitted an Indiana refinery to
accommodate more heavy oil. The Canadian concern already
ships 100,000 barrels of heavy crude daily to the refinery.
Daily production at Wolf Lake averaged about 7,000 barrels in
1991, but will decline to 4,700 barrels daily this year due
to an earlier decision by BP Canada to cut its share of
production.
   "This gets rid of a millstone around Petro-Canada's neck,"
said Wilf Gobert, an analyst for Peters  Co., a Calgary
securities firm.
   Amoco Canada, BP Canada and PetroCanada are all based in
Calgary. Petro-Canada is 80%-owned by the government of
Canada.