International:
   France Approves Bid
   For Perrier by Nestle
   And Banque Indosuez
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The government's stamp of approval on the bid was the
latest setback for Italy's Agnelli family, who with two
allies controls 49.3% of Perrier.
   The Conseil des Bourses de Valeurs, a Paris bourse
regulatory and market-managing agency that rules on takeover
bids, has already approved the bid. However, the CBV has also
ruled that Exor and a group of allies must launch a takeover
bid for Perrier. But the ruling has been appealed in French
courts, and the issue could be delayed for some time as a
result.
   Paris bourse authorities said the joint Nestle and Banque
Indosuez bid will run Feb. 18 to March 24.
   In trading in Paris yesterday, the stock of Exor gained
3.7% to close at 1,486 francs a share. But the price of
Perrier dropped 2.9% to 1,530 francs a share on volume of
49,000; however, it is still above the 1,475-franc price that
Nestle and Indosuez are bidding.
   Separately, Perrier said its group consolidated revenue
fell 0.5% in 1991 to 13.56 billion francs from 13.63 billion
francs in 1990.
   Yesterday, Nestle intensified efforts to win over the
hearts of the French people by announcing that it had agreed
to give French farm bank Credit Agricole important powers
over the Perrier subsidiary that makes the prized Roquefort
cheese.
   If its bid is successful, Nestle wants to sell off the
Roquefort unit. Nestle said Credit Agricole, which has a 26%
stake in Roquefort, would continue to control as many seats
on the cheesemaker's board as Perrier.
   If Perrier wanted to sell any of its shares in Caves de
Roquefort, Credit Agricole could choose the buyer, although
it couldn't come from the Credit Agricole group. Nestle's
pledge appeared aimed at heading off grumbles that a jewel in
France's industrial crown could pass into foreign hands.