Abreast of the Market:
   Industrial Average Slumps 27.06,
   Hurt by Advancing Bond Yields
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The average had traded from 3250 to 3300 for about two
weeks before plunging through the bottom of that range at
about 2:15 p.m. EST yesterday. The index ended with a
27.06-point loss at 3241.50.
   Traders said the afternoon sell-off appeared to coincide
with rumors that Olympia  York was close to filing for
bankruptcy-law protection. The massive Canadian real estate
concern has holdings around the globe and owes huge sums of
money to some of the world's biggest banks.
   Olympia  York quickly denied the rumors, although it said
it will retire two of its three commercial paper programs.
Buying interest in the company's commercial paper dried up
after Dominion Bond Rating Service Ltd. downgraded its rating
on the paper last month.
   The rumors about Olympia  York's financial difficulties
hurt bank stocks in particular. J.P. Morgan lost 1 to 59,
Citicorp fell 3/8 to 16 1/2, and Chemical Banking dropped 1
1/8 to 31 1/2.
   Bond prices fell further, adding pressure to the stock
market. Attention is focused on today's employment report for
February. Bonds have been pressured by rumors that the data
will show strong employment gains. Some economists now expect
nonfarm jobs to have risen 10,000 in the month, while the
overall unemployment rate is expected to remain unchanged at
7.1%.
   Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index fell 2.82 to 406.51 and
the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index lost 1.74 to
224.92. Advancing stocks trailed declining stocks 486 to
1,267. Volume was 205,730,000 shares, down from 206,770,000
shares Wednesday.
   Thomas Gallagher, managing director of capital commitment
at Oppenheimer  Co., said the market is in the middle of a
correction that should continue for a while.
   He noted that the weakness that has plagued the SP 500
since January is now reaching other parts of the market.
   John Wosczyna, market strategist at Wosczyna Research,
said a further drop in the Dow Jones industrials could be
good for the market, preparing it for a strong move up.
   Profit-taking in cyclical stocks, the only sector that has
been consistently strong in recent weeks, left the market
without support yesterday. Among those cyclical stocks in the
industrial average, Aluminum Co. of America fell 1 7/8 to 70
1/2; Allied-Signal slid 1 to 49 1/4; and Caterpillar lost 1
1/8 to 49 7/8.
   Shares of auto makers declined. General Motors lost 3/8 to
37; Chrysler fell 3/8 to 16 3/4, and Ford dropped 5/8 to 36
3/8.
   Duty Free International lost 1 1/4 to 42 after rising that
amount in morning trading. Morgan Stanley strategist Byron
Wein added the chain of duty-free retail stores to his list
of 10 stocks that are "particularly attractive on a
short-term basis."
   Cadence Design Systems fell 2 to 22 1/2 on trading of
990,900 shares, compared with a recent daily average of
202,272. Officials for the software company told the
Robertson Stephens growth conference that earnings estimates
by Wall Street analysts for the company's first quarter are
"doable" but "tight" because of deteriorating conditions in
the Japanese market. Goldman Sachs analyst John Levinson was
said to have shaved his estimates for the company, but wasn't
available to comment.
   Gap fell 2 3/8 to 46. The clothing retailer's same-store
sales rose 7% in February, but less than some analysts
expected.
   Value Merchants lost 2 7/8 to 26 3/8. Its February
same-store sales fell 6.9%.
   Comdisco dropped 1 3/4 to 16 1/2. The company said it will
take a $48 million aftertax charge in the second quarter
ending in March.
   Baltimore Bancorp tumbled 1 to 6 3/8. The bank holding
company restated its fourth-quarter loss to $7.42 a share
from the $5.46 a share reported earlier. The restatement
reflected an increase in loan-loss provisions.
   Arctic Alaska Fisheries fell 1 to 8. Operations of the
factory trawler may be restricted by a Commerce Deptartment
allocation plan that sets aside some fish quotas for onshore
processing plants.
   Foodmaker, a supermarket chain, came public in a 15
million-share initial public offering priced late Wednesday
at $15 a share. The stock ended its first day of trading at
15 3/8 on volume of more than 4.4 million shares.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 3.15
to 410.24. Volume was 13,930,000 shares, down from
Wednesday's 16,060,000. There were 195 advancers and 389
decliners.
   J.M. Peters slid 7/8 to 2 7/8. The Resolution Trust Corp.
has picked Kaufman  Broad as the lead bidder for the
possible purchase of the company. The purchase price is
expected to be below book value.