Securities Offering Calendar
Access Health Marketing Inc. -- initial two million common
shares, via Alex. Brown  Sons Inc.
   Ambac Corp. -- 17.4 million common shares, via Morgan
Stanley  Co.
   American Business Information Inc. -- initial three
million common shares, via Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
   Baltimore Gas  Electric Co. -- 4.5 million common shares,
via Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Blackstone Insured Municipal Term Trust Inc. -- 10 million
common shares, via PaineWebber Inc.
   BWIP Holding Inc. -- 5.5 million Class A common shares,
via Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Canandaigua Wine Co. -- 2,050,000 Class A common shares,
via Bear, Stearns  Co.
   ChemTrak Inc. -- initial two million common shares, via
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   Coleman Co. -- initial 4,250,000 common shares, via First
Boston Corp.
   First Commonwealth Fund Inc. -- initial four million
common shares, via Merrill Lynch.
   Nationsbank Corp. -- seven million common shares, via
Merrill Lynch.
   Premier Anesthesia Inc. -- initial 2.2 million common
shares, via Hambrecht  Quist.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   California -- $1.39 billion of various purpose general
obligation bonds, via competitive bid.
   Chippewa Valley School District, Mich. -- $74,650,000 of
1992 school building and site unlimited tax general
obligation bonds, via competitive bid.
   Greensboro, N.C. -- $71,610,000 of various improvement
general obligation bonds, 1992 Series, via competitive bid.
   New Orleans, La. -- $70 million of public improvement
general obligation bonds, issue of 1992, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Thursday
                                                                                                       

   Delaware -- $77.5 million of improvement general obli-
gation bonds, 1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
   One Day In The Week Allegheny County, Pa. -- $178,665,000
of airport revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, (Greater Pittsburgh
International Airport issue), 22, (FSA insured), via a Smith
Barney, Harris Upham  Co. group.
   Arizona Board of Regents -- $106 million of University of
Arizona system refunding revenue bonds, 1992 Series, via a
John Nuveen  Co. group.
   Boston-$70 million of general obligation bonds, via a
Lazard Freres  Co. group.
   Dallas-Forth Worth International Airport -- $312 million
of Dallas-Fort Worth regional airport joint revenue refunding
bonds, 1992 Series B, via a First Boston Corp. group.
   Grand Strand Water and Sewer Authority, S.C. --
$66,020,000 of waterworks and sewer system revenue bonds,
refunding 1992 Series, with capital appreciation bonds, via a
Merrill Lynch group.
   Harris County, Texas -- $400 million of revenue refunding
bonds, 1992 Series A and B, and $66.3 million of toll road
unlimited tax and subordinate lien revenue refunding bonds
Series 92, via a Smith Barney group.
   Hawaii -- $100 million of general obligation bonds of
1992, Series BW, via a Merrill Lynch  Co. group.
   Indiana Transportation Finance Authority -- $74,035,000 of
highway revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a First Boston
group.
   Montana Higher Education Student Assistance Corp. --
$156,235,000 of student loan revenue bonds, 1992 Series A
(non-Alternative Minimum Tax), and 1992 Series B, (AMT), via
a Smith Barney group.
   Municipal Assistance Corp., N.Y. -- $400 million of
revenue bonds, Series B, via a First Boston Corp. group.
   Phoenix, Ariz. -- $92 million of senior-lien streets and
highway user revenue and refunding bonds, via a Smith Barney
group.
   Roanoke Industrial Development Authority, Va. -- $55
million of variable rated demand hospital revenue bonds, 1992
Series A, (Carilion Health System issue), via a J.P. Morgan
Securities Inc. group.
   Rutgers State University, N.J. -- $93,815,000 of general
obligation refunding bonds, 1992 Series A, and $87,825,000 of
revenue refunding bonds, Series R, via a Kidder, Peabody 
Co. group.
   Texas Municipal Power Agency -- $450 million of refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $69
million of revenue bonds, via a Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette
Securities Corp. group.
   Wisconsin -- $445 million of general obligation refunding
bonds, via a Bear, Stearns  Co. group.
   Indefinite Florida Board of Education -- $311,580,000 of
public education capital outlay refunding general obligation
bonds, 1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
   Florida Dept. of Natural Resources -- $300 million of
Preservation 2000 revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.