What's News --
   Business and Finance
The Supreme Court rejected a challenge by GM and Ford to a
state labor law. Separately, the justices also dismissed a
suit by a developer who was refused a building permit. The
rulings disappointed conservatives who had hoped the court
would bolster "economic rights" to do business free of
excessive regulation.
   ---
   Puget Sound Bancorp agreed to be acquired by KeyCorp, a
bank based in Albany, N.Y., for $800 million in stock. The
high price for Puget Sound, a Washington state company,
reflected a surge in prices of bank stocks.
   ---
   Bank failures will continue in large numbers even as the
industry's health improves, the FDIC said. Separately, the
Comptroller of the Currency proposed raising fees it assesses
banks for regulatory exams.
   ---
   Bond prices rallied while stocks and the dollar finished
mixed. Treasury bonds climbed nearly 3/4 point. The Dow Jones
industrials fell 6.48 but the SP 500 index rose.
   ---
   J.P. Morgan incurred $50 million in losses from trading
securities backed by home mortgages. The bank's top trader in
such securities resigned.
   ---
   RJR Nabisco was asked by the U.S. surgeon general to drop
its use in Camel cigarette ads of "Old Joe," a
cartoon-character camel that critics contend appeals to young
people. RJR has refused to pull the ads.
   ---
   American Airlines is offering free travel anywhere to
passengers who pay at least the full coach fare on flights to
Europe or Japan. The offer, aimed at business travelers,
comes a week after the AMR unit cut fares intended for
vacationers.
   ---
   The Christian Science Church put its unprofitable cable TV
channel up for sale and said it would be shut down if a buyer
isn't found by June 15. The move came after a faction won a
power struggle, causing the church's chairman to resign.
   ---
   Senate Republicans plan to offer a tax-cut plan backed by
Bush as an alternative to the Democratic package scheduled
for a vote this week.
   ---
   Johnson Products' chief executive, Eric Johnson, quit,
reportedly under pressure from his mother, who holds a
majority stake in the maker of haircare and other personal
products.
   ---
   Dial REIT's chief executive quit after a disclosure that
his private development company may default on loans from the
Omaha real estate investment trust.
   ---
   Bethlehem Steel agreed to spend $32 million on
antipollution gear and pay $6.7 million in fines for alleged
violations of pollution laws.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks slid Monday in thin trading. The Nikkei fell
195.31 to 20797.68. London shares rose.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 160,620,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3215.12, off 6.48; transportation 1404.90, off 8.22;
utilities 204.43, up 1.88.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4210.30, up 27.78.
   Commodities: Oil $18.67 a barrel, up 16 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.72, up 0.16; spot index 118.45, up 0.61.
   Dollar: 131.92 yen, up 0.07; 1.6610 marks, off 0.0065.