Tuesday's Markets:
   Most Stocks
   Mixed; Bonds,
   Industrials Rise
   ----
   By Douglas R. Sease and Michael R. Sesit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Analysts said the stock market may be entering a period of
consolidation following the strong holiday rally. "We're
going to see a true change of leadership in the market,"
predicted James Solloway, director of research at Argus
Research.
   He said stocks tied to the economic recovery are poised
for gains. "Industrial stocks are still very cheap compared
to the recession-resistant growth stocks that have held sway
in the market for the last three years," he said. As this
change occurs, "you may see some of the most beloved stocks
stumble a little bit. I'm not sure where the top of the
market is, but for the near term we're probably near it."
   The dollar fell further against the mark and rose slightly
against the yen, but not until it fell to a 39-month low
against the Japanese currency in trading in Asia.
   "The dollar is still headed lower," said Cinta del
Monaco-Kemp, a trader at Salomon Brothers Inc. "With U.S.
interest rates still headed lower and with German rates
standing firm, we expect to see a test of the old lows" of
1.4425 marks and 120.25 yen.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices were mixed in heavy trading on the New York
Stock Exchange of 251.3 million shares. Advancing issues on
the Big Board were ahead of decliners 916 to 881.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar was mixed. In late New York trading the
currency was quoted at 1.5075 marks and 123.98 yen compared
with 1.5160 marks and 123.35 yen.