Technology:
   Highest Syphilis Level
   Is Found in the South;
   Tuberculosis on Rise
The syphilis study, which covered the years 1986 through
1990, but didn't include data for 1991, cited regional
differences in the incidence of the disease, with the highest
level occurring in the South, followed by the Northeast, the
West and the Midwest. Dr. Robert T. Rolfs, who worked on the
study, said drug abuse, which can lead to prostitution and
high-risk sex behavior, "seems to be a big factor in the
syphilis epidemic."
   Dr. Rolfs said that preliminary 1991 data suggest the
syphilis epidemic "appears to have leveled off in many areas
that were affected early on," and overall the incidence "is
down a little bit."
   In the tuberculosis study, the federal health agency said
HIV, the human immunodeficiency virus that causes AIDS, is
contributing significantly to the rise. People who are HIV
positive are far more likely to develop an active case of TB
once infected with the bacillus than are other people.
   Dr. John A. Jereb, lead physician in the study, said that
another factor contributing to the rise may be the arrival of
immigrants from areas with a high prevalence of infection,
such as Southeast Asia. Still another factor, he said, is the
decline in recent years of public health infrastructure at
the local level to combat the disease.
   Funding to fight TB was cut in recent years in many areas,
on the assumption the disease was no longer a problem. "Many
of us thought TB was going away. TB was not going away, and
it was almost waiting for a window of opportunity to make a
comeback."