Thermedics to Post
   A 67% Decline
   In 4th-Quarter Net
   ----
   By William M. Bulkeley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Thermedics makes polymers used in medicine and disposable
medical products. But its resources are focused largely on
expanding sales of its electronic devices that detect bombs
and drugs and the development of ventricular-assist devices
for heart patients by its 50%-owned Thermo Cardiosystems Inc.
subsidiary.
   This year, sales of the detection devices are expected to
pick up, but Thermo Cardiosystems' expenses are likely to
rise. Thermo expects to apply to the Food and Drug
Administration by the end of March for marketing approval for
its pneumatic ventricular-assist device for heart patients.
After years of focusing on research and development, "our
target is to become primarily an operating company in 1993,"
Mr. Wood said.
   For all of 1991, Thermedics estimated that net fell 47% to
$1.6 million, or nine cents a share, from $3.1 million, or 17
cents a share. Revenue rose 15% to $32.3 million from $28.2
million.
   Most of Thermedics' net comes from its $85 million in
cash, mostly raised through stock and bond offerings by both
Thermedics and Thermo. In 1991, net interest income amounted
to $3.5 million before taxes.
   In 1991, Thermedics' bomb-detection business took off. The
company sold 56 of the $165,000 detectors, up from 18 the
previous year, and revenue related to the Egis detector more
than doubled to about $11 million. "With a little help from
{Iraqi President} Saddam Hussein, we got off to a big start,"
said Mr. Wood. He said terrorism fears related to last
winter's Persian Gulf War against Iraq prompted some airports
and airlines to buy the devices, which can detect plastic
explosives that are invisible to X-rays.
   Germany was the biggest market last year, followed by
Spain, which is buying more of the devices to combat possible
terrorist attacks on the Barcelona summer Olympics.