New Securities Issues
Ford Motor Co. -- $700 million of debentures, due Jan. 15,
2022, priced as 8 7/8% at 99 5/8 to yield 8.911%. The size of
the issue was increased from an originally planned $500
million. The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread
of 153 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated
single-A-2 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by
Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Bear, Stearns  Co.
   General Motors Acceptance Corp. -- $500 million of notes,
due Jan. 15, 1999, priced as 7 3/4% at 99.814 to yield
7.875%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 140
basis points above the comparable Treasury. Rated single-A-2
by Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co. General
Motors Acceptance is a unit of General Motors Corp.
   Shell Oil Co. -- $250 million of notes, due Jan. 15, 1997,
priced as 6% at 99.575 to yield 6.10%. The noncallable notes
were priced at a spread of 20 basis points above the
Treasury's five-year note. Rated triple-A by both Moody's and
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co. Shell Oil is a unit of Royal Dutch/Shell
Group.
   Republic National Bank of New York -- $250 million of bank
notes, due Jan. 17, 1995, priced at par to yield 5.20%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 25 basis points
above the comparable Treasury. Rated double-A-1 by Moody's
and double-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   International Paper Corp. -- $200 million of notes, due
Jan. 15, 2007, priced as 7 5/8% at 99.339 to yield 7.70%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 95 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-3 by
Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   Michigan Bell Telephone Co. -- $200 million of debentures,
due Jan. 15, 2022, priced at par to yield 7.85%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 45 basis
points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated double-A-1 by
Moody's and triple-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   ICI Wilmington -- $200 million of notes, due Jan. 15,
2002, priced as 7 1/2% at 99.75 to yield 7.536%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 80 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated double-A-3 by
Moody's and double-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
   MacMillan-Bloedel (Delaware) Inc. -- $150 million of
notes, due Jan. 15, 2004, priced as 8 1/2% at 99.85 to yield
8.52%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 175
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-1
by Moody's and triple-B by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Carolina Power  Light Co. -- $125 million of first
mortgage bonds due Jan. 1, 1995, won in competitive bidding
by Merrill Lynch  Co. and will be reoffered to investors as
5.20% at 99.95 to yield 5.22%. The noncallable bonds were
priced at a spread of 27 basis points above the Treasury's
three-year note. The issue is rated single-A-2 by Moody's and
single-A by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   New Jersey Turnpike Authority -- $742.1 million of
turnpike revenue bonds, Series 1992, due Jan. 1, 1996-2006,
2012 and 2018, priced by a Goldman Sachs group to yield from
4.85% in 1996 to 6.35% in 2018. Current interest serial bonds
are priced to yield from 4.85% in 1996 to 6.20% in 2006.
There are $53.1 million term bonds priced as 6.20% at 98.87
to yield 6.30% in 2012. There are $112.5 million term bonds
priced as 6.20% at 98.10 to yield 6.35% in 2018. The bonds
are rated single-A by both Moody's and SP.
   Erie County, N.Y. -- $112.1 million of general obligation
bonds, due Jan. 15, 1993-2000 and 1994-2012, and March 15,
1992-2006, priced by a Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette
Securities Corp. group to yield from 2.50% in 1992 to 6.10%
in 2006. There are $26 million Series A refunding bonds due
Jan. 15, 1993-2000. The bonds are priced to yield from 3.05%
in 1993 to 5.55% in 2000. Bonds maturing in 1997 are not
formally reoffered to investors. There are $47 million Series
B refunding bonds due March 15, 1992-2006. The bonds are
priced to yield from 2.50% in 1992 to 6.10% in 2006. Bonds
maturing in 1997 are not formally reoffered to investors.
There are $39.2 million public improvement bonds due Jan. 15,
1994-2012. The bonds are priced to yield from 4.25% in 1994
to 6.05% in 2005. Bonds maturing in 2006-2012 are not
formally reoffered to investors. The bonds are insured by
Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. and are rated triple-A by
both Moody's and SP.
   Los Angeles Regional Airport Improvement Corp. -- $85
million of lease revenue bonds, (LAX Fuel Corp. for Los
Angeles International Airport), due Jan. 1, 1996-2007, 2012,
2022, 2027 and 2032, priced by a Smith Barney, Harris Upham 
Co. group to yield from 5% in 1996 to 6.91% in 2027. Current
interest serial bonds are priced at par to yield from 5% in
1996 to 6.50% in 2007. There are $7.1 million term bonds
priced as 6.50% at 99.25 to yield 6.57% in 2012. There are
$23.2 million term bonds priced as 6.70% at 97.48 to yield
6.90% in 2022. There are $18.7 million term bonds priced as
6.80% at 98.50 to yield 6.91% in 2027. There are $25.7
million term bonds priced as 6.50% at 94.58 to yield 6.90% in
2032. Bonds due in 1996-2012 are insured by Financial
Guaranty Insurance Co. and are rated triple-A by both Moody's
and SP. The balance of the bonds are not rated by Moody's
but carry a single-A-minus rating from SP.
   Illinois Student Assistance Commission -- $58.7 million of
student loan revenue bonds, Series M, due March 1, 19962007,
tentatively priced by a Chemical Securities Inc. group to
yield from 5.25% in 1996 to 6.70% in 2007. All bonds are
priced at par. The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and
single-A-plus by SP.
   Coppell Independent School District (Dallas County, Texas)
-- $50 million of unlimited tax school building and refunding
general obligation bonds, Series 1992, due Aug. 15, 1994-2001
and 2004-2009, with capital appreciation bonds due 2010-2017,
tentatively priced by a Morgan Stanley  Co. group to yield
from 4.10% in 1994 to 6.90% for capital appreciation, or
zero-coupon bonds, maturing in 2015-2017. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 4.10% in 1994 to 5.60%
in 2001 and from 5.90% in 2004 to 6.30% in 2009. Capital
appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 6.70%
in 2010 to 6.90% in 2015-2017. The bonds are insured by MBIA
Corp. and rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                        MORTGAGE-BACKED

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $1.05 billion of
Remic securities offered by Salomon Brothers Inc. The
offering, Series 1992-18, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year 7
1/2% mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $616.2 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette. The offering, Series Gold 1201,
is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 9 1/2% mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of Remic
securities offered by Citicorp. The offering, Series Gold
1200, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8 1/2% mortgage
securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by Prudential Securities Inc. The
offering, Series 1992-17, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage
securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. The
offering, Series 1992-G14, is backed by Government National
Mortgage Association 9% mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

                           AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Tennessee Valley Authority -- $2 billion, three-part bond
offering priced through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers
Inc. The first part, which consists of $1 billion of bonds,
due Jan. 15, 1997, was priced as 6% at 99.194 to yield 6.19
%. The bonds, which are noncallable for two years, were
priced at a spread of 24 basis points above the U.S.
Treasury's five-year note. The second part, which consists of
$500 million of bonds, due Jan. 15, 1999, was priced as 6
1/2% at 98.897 to yield 6.70%. The bonds, which are
noncallable for two years, were priced at a spread of 27
basis points above the comparable Treasury. The third part,
which consists of $500 million of bonds, due Jan. 15, 2002,
was priced as 6 7/8% at 98.618 to yield 7.07%. The bonds,
which are noncallable for three years, were priced at a
spread of 30 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $244 million of debentures, due
Jan. 13, 1995, priced at par to yield 5.09%. The debentures,
which are noncallable for one year, were priced at a spread
of 15 basis points above the Treasury's three-year note. The
issue will be sold through underwriters at Lehman Brothers
Inc.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $188.5 million of debentures
due Jan. 13, 1997, priced at par to yield 6.14%. The
debentures, which are noncallable for one year, were priced
at a spread of 24 basis points above the Treasury's five-year
note. The issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $65 million of debentures, due
Jan. 13, 1999, priced at par to yield 6.67%. The debentures,
which are noncallable for one year, were priced at a spread
of 27 basis points above the Treasury's when-issued
seven-year note. The issue will be sold through underwriters
at Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette.

                          EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Republic of Finland (sovereign) -- 750 million European
currency units of 8 1/2% Eurobonds due Feb. 13, 2007, at an
initial fixed offer price of 98.45 via UBS Phillips  Drew.
At the offer price, bonds yield 8.68%, a margin of 0.25 point
above the yield on the French 8 1/2% Treasury note due 2002.
Fees 0.45.
   Societe National des Chemins de Fer Francais (France) --
400 million ECUs of 8.375% Eurobonds due Feb. 5, 2007, at an
initial fixed offer price of 99.04 via Credit Commercial de
France. At offer price, bonds yield 8.49% (annual), a margin
of six basis points above the yield on the French 8 1/2%
Treasury note due 2002. Fees 0.375.
   Rabobank N.V. (Netherlands) -- 100 million ECUs of 10%
Eurobonds due Feb. 4, 1993, at price 101 via Paribas Capital
Markets Ltd. Offered initially at a fixed price of 100.225 to
yield 9.75% (annual). Fees 7/8.
   Philip Morris Capital Corp. (U.S. parent) -- $200 million
of 6 3/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 7, 1997, at issue price 101.525
via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Offered to investors
intially at a fixed price of par to yield 6 3/4%, a margin of
0.70 points above the semiannual yield on the U.S. Treasury's
6 1/8% bonds due Dec. 31, 1996. Philip Morris Capital is a
subsidiary of Philip Morris Cos. Fees 1 7/8.
   BOC Group Inc. Delaware (U.K. parent) -- $150 million of
7% Eurobonds due Jan. 29, 1997, at issue price 101.365 via
Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Offered initially at a fixed
price of 99.865 to yield 7.03%, a margin of 0.98 points above
the semiannual yield on the U.S. Treasury's 6 1/8% bonds due
Dec. 31, 1996. Guarantor BOC Group PLC. Fees 1 7/8.
   Tesco PLC (U.K.) -- #200 million of 10 3/8% Eurobonds due
Jan. 28, 2002, at issue price 100.86 via Credit Suisse First
Boston Ltd. Offered to investors intially at a fixed price of
99.235 to yield 10 1/2%, a margin of 0.80 points above the
U.K. government's 9 3/4% bonds due 2002. Fees 2.
   Southern Electric PLC (U.K.) -- #150 million of 10 1/4%
Eurobonds due March 27, 2002, at issue price 100.84 via
Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Offered initially at a fixed
price of 99.215 to yield 10.38% (annual), a margin of about
0.70 points above the semiannual yield on the U.K.
government's 9 3/4% bonds due 2002. Fees 2.
   Leeds Permanent Building Society (U.K.) -- #100 million of
10 1/2% Eurobonds due Feb. 4, 1994, at issue price 101.178
via NatWest Capital Markets Ltd. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 100.178 to yield 10.40%, a
margin of 0.35 points above the semiannual yield on the
comparable gilt. Fees 1 1/8.
   Snow Brand Milk Products Co. (Japan) -- 200 million marks
of bonds with equity-purchase warrants, 5 1/8% coupon due
Jan. 30, 1996, at par via Commerzbank AG. Exercisable March
2, 1992, to Jan. 17, 1996. Fixing Jan. 13. Fees 2 1/4.
   Sho-Bond Construction Corp. (Japan) -- 80 million Swiss
francs of privately placed notes due Jan. 23, 1996, with
equity-purchase warrants, fixing a 4 1/2% coupon at par via
Yamaichi Bank (Switzerland). Guarantee by Mitsubishi Bank.
Exercise period of the warrants from Feb. 6, 1992, to Jan.
16, 1996. Terms fixed Jan. 13. Fees 1 5/8.
   Copenhagen County Authority (Denmark) -- 70 million Swiss
francs of 7% privately placed notes due Feb. 17, 1995, priced
at 102 via Credit Suisse. Fees 1 1/2.