Scherer `Comfortable'
   With Profit Estimtes
   For Its Fiscal Year
Scherer went private in 1989 in a $352 million leveraged
buy-out led by management. Proceeds from the public offering
were used toward retiring about half of the debt used for the
buy-out.
   After taking charges related to the early retirement of
debt and other costs associated with the buy-out, the company
posted a loss last year of $6.7 million, or $6.10 a share, on
sales of $299 million. R.P. Scherer officials declined to
forecast annual or fourth-quarter earnings.
   Company officials said they expect to take a "small
charge" in this fourth quarter ending March 31 related to a
new stock option plan.
   Still, "this has been the most successful year the company
has had," said Aleksander Erdeljan, R.P. Scherer's president.
"Even withstanding the difficult economy, we remain buoyant
and strong. We expect much of the same next year."
   R.P. Scherer's core business is developing soft-gelatin
products used by pharmaceutical, cosmetic, vitamin and
nutrition industries. It dominates the soft-gelatin capsule
industry with nearly 70% of the market, financial analysts
said.
   R.P. Scherer is particularly upbeat about prospects for
two new drug delivery systems -- rapidly dissolving Zydis and
Pulsincap, which is designed to release a drug at a
predetermined time or site in the gastrointestinal tract.