Technology:
   Chip Association
   May Ask Sanctions
   Against Japanese
   ----
   By Stephen Kreider Yoder
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"Sanctions should be considered only after it is clear the
objectives of the agreement will not be met," the group said.
It said it "will seek sanctions if it becomes clear that the
Japanese will not fulfill their commitments." Most chip
executives don't think Japan will reach the goal, part of an
18-month extension last year of a 1986 trade pact between
Japan and the U.S.
   Meanwhile, some industry executives are pushing for
measures beyond the threat of sanctions to retaliate against
what they see as closed markets in Japan and unreasonable
tariffs in markets such as Europe.
   Joseph Parkinson, chief executive officer of Micron
Technology Inc. and chairman of the chip association, said in
an interview that he will propose a temporary blanket tariff
of 14% on all chip imports "that would come down
country-by-country as they behave themselves."
   Separately, the chip association's leading indicator rose
in February, reflecting a continued resurgence in orders.
   The group said the book-to-bill ratio increased to 1.12 to
1 last month, from 1.09 to 1 in January. A rate of 1.12 means
that for every $100 of products shipped, chip makers received
$112 of new orders. The figures for both months are
preliminary.
   The ratio has been recovering from a low of .94 to 1 in
September as chip orders improved. February's ratio is the
highest since April 1991, when it was 1.14 to 1.