Variable Accounts
   Brought Investors
   Big Returns in '91
   ----
   By Ellen E. Schultz
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"Clearly 1991 may be one of the best years in the history
of variable account performance," said Geoff Bobroff, an
annuity specialist with Lipper.
   There's no magic in variable contracts, however. Their
returns pretty much paralleled performance in comparable
mutual fund investment categories, Mr. Babroff said.
   Numbers released earlier by Lipper showed that the average
non-annuity stock mutual fund surged 35.58% last year, the
best annual showing in 24 years.
   Variable accounts are insurance contracts in which
investors allocate their money among a choice of stock or
bond investments. In the case of annuities, they are
tax-deferred retirement investments; variable life accounts
are cash-value life insurance policies.
   Small-company growth stock accounts had the highest return
among all variable accounts last year -- an average of
74.11%, according to Lipper. They were followed by
capital-appreciation accounts (42.18%) and growth-stock
accounts (33.92%).
   Among specialty accounts, real estate funds returned
34.30%, while natural resources funds returned only 2.98%.
   The stock account with the loftiest return -- 160.62% --
was Dreyfus Small-Company Investment fund in the Mutual
Benefit Variable Contract.
   Returns on fixed-income accounts were in double digits in
nearly all the categories tracked by Lipper. High-yield
"junk" bond accounts were up 33.95% for the year; high-grade
corporate bond accounts returned 16.17%; U.S. government
funds returned 14.44%.
   Money-market accounts returned an average of 4.72%.
   In the first nine months of 1991, total net assets of
variable products covered in the monthly Lipper Variable
Insurance Products Performance Analysis Service increased to
$41.3 billion from $32.7 billion at the end of 1990.
   Close to $11.7 billion of the total assets is in 486
fixed-income accounts, while $29.6 billion is in 566 stock
accounts.