Board of Contributors:
   Goose the Money Supply
   ----
   By Martin Feldstein
As a rough rule of thumb, experience shows that the rate
of growth of total nominal gross domestic product is
approximately equal to the rate of increase of M2 six months
earlier. Although there have been variations in this relation
from year to year, over the past two decades nominal GDP has
grown at an annual rate of 8.5% while the stock of M2 has
grown by 8.7%. Recent experience also conforms quite closely
to this general rule: Total nominal GDP rose 3.2% from the
fourth quarter of 1990 until the fourth quarter of 1991,
while M2 increased by 3.3% from the second quarter of 1990 to
the second quarter of 1991.
   The slow growth of nominal GDP last year helped to bring
down inflation. But even with only a 3% percent rise of the
GDP price deflator during 1991, the 3.2% nominal GDP rise
left room for real GDP growth of only 0.2% from the fourth
quarter of 1990 until the fourth quarter of 1991. A decline
of GDP in the first quarter of 1991 was followed by a
resumption of growth in the second and third quarters but
then a fourth quarter in which real GDP rose only 0.3%. For
the year as a whole, real GDP in 1991 was nearly 1% lower
than in 1990. This recent slowdown would probably have been
avoided if the Federal Reserve had provided faster growth of
M2 earlier in the year.
   Looking ahead, the level of economic activity during the
first half of 1992 is likely to show very little if any
increase because of the very slow growth of the money supply
in the second half of 1991. Since M2 grew at an annual rate
of only 1.3% from the second quarter of 1991 until the final
quarter of the year, the rule of thumb based on past
experience implies that nominal GDP will also rise only 1.3%
during the first half of 1992. Unless the inflation rate
drops below 1.3%, that simple forecasting rule implies no
real growth in the first half of 1992.
   More specifically, the path of the broad monetary
aggregate during 1991 suggests that in the first quarter of
1992 there will be no nominal GDP growth, followed by about
2.7% nominal GDP growth in the second quarter. If that
happens, real GDP will decline in the first quarter followed
by a modest increase in the second quarter.
   Such an outlook based on the average past relation between
money and nominal GDP may of course be too pessimistic. The
rule of thumb linking nominal GDP and the prior money supply
is not a precise and dependable guide. But the important
point is that although nominal GDP might increase faster in
the months ahead than the rise of last year's money supply
implies, experience shows that an even slower growth of GDP
would be equally likely.
   The key issue facing the Federal Reserve Open Market
Committee is not the forecast of likely GDP growth during the
next few months. Rather it is how to set the growth of the
money supply for the rest of 1992 that will in turn largely
determine the increase in nominal GDP from mid1992 through
mid-1993.
   Some members of the committee will argue that the money
growth target for 1992 should be left at the same level as in
1991 or reduced further. In 1991, the Fed's target for M2
growth was centered at 4.5% with a range from 2.5% to 6.5%.
Last July, the Fed adopted the same range as its provisional
target for 1992.
   Those who now advocate keeping the center of the target
range at 4.5 percent or moving it even lower will argue that
any increase in the target growth rate for M2 will cause
market participants to conclude that the Fed is no longer
interested in reducing inflation. If financial markets reach
that conclusion, long-term interest rates will rise, hurting
housing and other components of demand and therefore reducing
the prospects for a solid recovery. And if individual
businesses and workers seek greater increases in prices and
wages to protect themselves from the anticipated rise in
inflation, they will in the aggregate bring about the higher
inflation that they fear.
   I support the Fed's commitment to a long-term strategy to
reduce inflation until virtual price stability has been
achieved. I agree that this can best be done by gradually
slowing the rate of increase of nominal GDP and therefore of
the money supply. The Fed was on the right track as it
brought M2 growth down from 10% a year in the first four
years of the 1980s to about 8.5% for the next three years and
then to 5% as the decade ended. The goal of shrinking that to
4.5% in the early 1990s and then continuing to notch it down
slowly after that is a sound one.
   But as the Fed sets the money growth target for 1992 it is
important to remember that the actual growth of the money
supply in 1991 fell significantly short of the target for
1991. Instead of the planned 4.5% in M2, the actual increase
in M2 was only 2.7%.
   Although money supply targets are reviewed annually, the
movement of the money supply that matters most is not its
change over a single year but over the longer term. The goal
of raising M2 at 4.5% a year in 1991 and 1992 means that M2
should be 9% higher at the end of 1992 than it was at the end
of 1990. That means that in 1992 M2 should be raised by 4.5%
from where it should have been at the end of 1991 (i.e., up
4.5% from the year before) rather than from the lower level
at which M2 actually ended the year. Equivalently, since the
actual growth of M2 in 1991 was only 2.7%, M2 must rise 6.3%
in 1992 to reach the original two year target.
   The Fed can announce a 1992 growth target for M2 that is
greater than 4.5% without increasing fears of inflation if it
explains convincingly that it is merely offsetting the
shortfall of actual M2 growth in 1991 and that there has been
no change in its plan to lower the trend rate of M2 growth
over the next several years until virtual price stability is
achieved.
   There is, of course, no need to make up the entire 1991
shortfall in 1992. But even if the catchup is spread over two
years, the implication is clear that the target money growth
in 1992 should be raised well above 4.5%.
   The most appropriate rate of growth of M2 for 1992 should
not be based on an arbitrary catch-up rule, but on a
calculation of what would be most likely to be consistent
with the desired rate of growth of nominal GDP during the
period from mid-1992 through mid-1993 -- the period in which
nominal GDP growth will be most closely influenced by the
1992 rise in M2.
   A reasonable goal for nominal GDP growth over that period
would be about 6%, a level that would probably involve a 3%
rate of increase of real GDP and a 3% rise in the
corresponding implicit price index. That's fast enough real
growth to reduce unemployment and yet corresponds to
continued progress on the rate of inflation. Slower growth of
nominal GDP would mean less inflation but it would leave
unemployment unchanged or even higher than it is today. And
while faster nominal GDP growth would permit a greater
decline of unemployment, it would mean an increased rate of
inflation.
   If the Open Market Committee accepts a goal of increasing
nominal GDP by 6% from mid-1992 through mid-1993, the Fed
should notch up its 1992 M2 target range to center it on a 6%
growth of M2. As the year unfolds, the desired rate of money
growth might need to be adjusted within that target range.
But as of now, the Fed should aim at 6% money growth for
1992.
   It is not yet clear whether the sharp drop in interest
rates that the Fed initiated in December will be enough to
cause M2 to increase at a 6% rate in 1992. By the time that
the Open Market Committee meets again in March, there will be
much better evidence about the growth of M2. If current
interest rates are not low enough to achieve 6% M2 growth
this year, the Fed should be prepared to cut interest rates
further to meet this money-growth goal and, more
fundamentally, the associated goal for the increase in
nominal GDP. The year 1992 is not a time for timidity in
cutting interest rates.
   ---
   Mr. Feldstein, former chairman of the president's Council
of Economic Advisers, is a professor of economics at Harvard.