Business Brief:
   Northrop Corp. Net Nearly Quadrupled
   In the Fourth Quarter to $158.5 Million
The latest quarter included gains of $90 million, or $1.91
a share, for research tax credits, and $40 million, or 56
cents a share, reflecting lower anticipated costs on the B-2
Stealth Bomber project. Accounting changes reduced quarterly
profit by $6.7 million, or 14 cents a share.
   Analysts said the underlying operating results were
slightly better than expected. "If you strip out the
accounting adjustments, the numbers look very healthy.
Operations continue to improve, and most of the problems that
have besieged the company are behind them," said Howard
Rubel, an analyst at C.J. Lawrence Inc.
   Operating profit, including the expected $40 million B-2
gain, spurted 87% to $161.2 million from $87.3 million.
Northrop attributed the improvement mainly to increased B-2
production activity and margins. Margins in other business
segments were moderately lower than in the year-earlier
quarter, the company said.
   Although B-2 production activity accelerated last year,
the Pentagon recently said it would end the program. Northrop
has funding to build 15 of the radar-evading planes and
President Bush has recommended additional monies to bring the
total number to 20. The company, which derives about half its
revenue from the bomber, had been preparing to make 75 until
the recent Pentagon cutbacks.
   The accounting adjustments, for retiree health benefits
and income taxes, hurt results in the quarter and required a
restatement of the first three quarters' results. Adoption of
the changes reduced 1991 net income by $94 million, or $1.99
a share, Northrop said.