New Securities Issues
Hydro-Quebec -- $1 billion of debentures, due Jan. 15,
2022, was priced with an 8.40% coupon at 99.268 to yield
8.467%. The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of
85 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated
double-A-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
double-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   Woolworth Corp. -- $200 million of 8 1/2% debentures, due
Jan. 15, 2022, was priced at 99.425 to yield 8.553%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 90 basis
points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Fleet/Norstar Financial Group Inc. -- $107 million of 8
5/8% subordinated notes, due Jan. 15, 2007, was priced at
99.125 to yield 8.73%. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 159 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
Rated Baa-3 by Moody's and triple-B by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $165 million of
medium-term notes, due Jan. 24, 2002, were priced at par to
yield 7.55%. The notes, which are noncallable for one year,
were priced at a spread of 48 basis points above the
comparable Treasury. The issue will be sold through Lehman
Brothers Inc.
   Private Export Funding Corp. -- $100 million of secured
notes, due Jan. 31, 2002, was priced with a 7.30% coupon at
99.79 to yield 7.33%. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 26 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
Rated triple-A by both Moody's and SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by BT Securities.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   International Paper Corp. -- Eight million common shares
was priced at $72.75 a share through underwriters led by
First Boston Corp.
   Comcast Corp. -- Six million Class A special non-voting
shares were priced at $17.25 a share through underwriters led
by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Global Health Sciences Fund -- Initial public offering of
20 million shares of beneficial interest was priced at $15 a
share through underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Norfolk, Va. -- $140.7 million general obligation capital
improvement and refunding bonds, Series 1992 A, due Feb. 1,
1993-2012, apparently were won by a Merrill Lynch  Co. group
with a bid setting the true interest cost at 5.7483%. The
bonds, rated double-A by both Moody's and SP, were priced
for reoffering to yield from 2.75% in 1993 to 6.25% in
2010-2012.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $1 billion of real
estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage securities was
offered by Merrill Lynch  Co. The offering, Series Gold
1212, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8% mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $400 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities was offered by
Greenwich Capital Markets. The offering, Series Gold 1211, is
backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 7 1/2% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                          AGENCY
                                                                                                       

   Federal Farm Credit Banks -- $395 million of debentures,
due Jan. 27, 1995, was priced at par to yield 5.50%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of seven basis
points above the Treasury's three-year note. The issue will
be sold through underwriters at Lehman Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   General Electric Capital Corp. (U.S. parent) -- 250
million European currency units of 8 3/8% eurobonds due Feb.
3, 1997, at an issue price of 101.50 via Swiss Bank Corp.
Reoffered at 99.875 to yield 8.40% annually. Fees 1 7/8.
   Mitsubishi International Finance PLC (Japan) -- $80
million via an issue of 7 1/2% eurobonds due Jan. 28, 2002,
with an issue price of par via its own syndication desk.
Yield 7 1/2% after fees of 1 1/4.
   South Australia Government Financing Authority (Australia)
-- $100 million (Australian) of 10 1/4% eurobonds due March
6, 2002 at issue price 101 1/4 via Hambros Bank Ltd. Yield
10.37% annually after discounting fees of 2. Guaranteed by
State of South Australia.
   Credit Local de France (France) -- 500 million ECU of 8
1/2% eurobonds due Jan. 30, 1997 at issue price 101.15 via
Paribas Capital Markets Ltd. Reoffered at 99.525 to yield
8.62%. Fees 1 7/8.
   Eurofima (agency) -- $153.5 million of underwritten medium
term notes, 4.55% maturing Feb. 9, 1993. Reoffered at a fixed
price of 100.15 to yield 4.39% (annual). Fees 0.15.