Pinnacle West Posts
   Big Quarterly Loss,
   Granted Tax Benefit
Separately, an Internal Revenue Service ruling granted
Pinnacle West a $153.5 million tax benefit stemming from the
failure of its MeraBank thrift subsidiary. The ruling
concerned the deductibility of a capital infusion by Pinnacle
West to MeraBank that terminated Pinnacle West's obligations
to the thrift after it was seized by federal regulators in
January 1990.
   The quarterly loss stemmed mostly from a $265 million
permanent write-down and a $142 million temporary write-down
related to the Palo Verde nuclear plant, operated by Pinnacle
West's Arizona Public Service Co. utility. The regulatory
write-downs total $4.68 a share, and stem from an accord
hammered out with Arizona regulators last November that also
included an annual increase in base electric rates of about
$66.5 million.
   The results also reflected a $20 million provision for
owned and leased facilities that are being disposed of; the
scrapping of a proposed generating plant that Arizona Public
Service no longer plans to build; legal costs; state and
local sales tax assesments; and an expected loss on a
management contract held by the holding company's SunCor
Development Co. real estate unit.
   For the year, Pinnacle West had a net loss of $186.9
million, or $2.15 a share, compared with net income of $97.3
million, or $1.12 a share, in 1990. Operating revenue fell to
$1.47 billion from $1.59 billion.
   Pinnacle West closed unchanged at $17.625 in New York
Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.