Commercial Banks' Profits Quadrupled
   To $3.68 Billion in the Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Kenneth H. Bacon
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Even though the banking industry is regaining strength
after two bad years, the FDIC's report shows that banks
remained cautious lenders. Total loans and leases outstanding
shrank for the fourth consecutive quarter, falling $9.7
billion in the final three months of last year to $2.05
trillion. That's down 2.8% from a year earlier. By contrast,
holdings of investment securities rose more than 10%.
   The reluctance to lend worries the Bush administration,
which is looking for strong signs of economic recovery before
the election. "This isn't an acceptable situation. Economic
growth is tied directly to bank lending," Deputy Treasury
Secretary John Robson yesterday told the National Council of
Community Bankers, which represents savings banks. "It's time
the banks came out of hibernation and started lending."
   Losses of federally insured savings banks narrowed sharply
last year, the FDIC reported. The industry's fourth-quarter
loss shrank to $423 million from $1.4 billion a year earlier.
For 1991 as a whole, losses shrank to $1.2 billion from $2.6
billion in 1990. One reason for the improvement is that the
FDIC closed 19 savings banks last year, thus removing some of
the biggest money-losers.
   Partially because of the failures, the number of savings
banks fell 6% last year to 441. And failures may well
increase. At the end of last year, there were 72 banks on the
FDIC's problem list of weak banks, compared with 34 at the
end of 1990.
   The combined problem list of commercial and savings banks
fell slightly to 1,069 at the end of last year from 1,081.
But the size of problem banks -- most of which will survive
-- is growing. Problem banks had aggregate assets of $611.1
billion at the end of last year, up sharply from $408.8
billion a year earlier.
   "Many of the largest commercial banks continue to
experience earnings problems," the FDIC said. "High loan-loss
provisioning and increased overhead costs {possibly related
to restructurings} combined to hold down large-bank
earnings." Of the 49 commercial banks with assets of $10
billion or more, 12 had losses last year. By contrast, only
11% of all commercial banks had losses, the lowest proportion
of losers since 1982. The problems are primarily bicoastal,
with 26% of the banks in the Northeast posting losses and 18%
of the banks in the West.
   The combination of mergers and failures reduced the number
of commercial banks to 11,920 last year from 12,340 the prior
year and 14,404 as recently as 1985. Most experts expect this
contraction to continue, even as general banking conditions
improve.
   Commercial banks wrote off $9.4 billion of bad assets in
the fourth quarter, the largest amount ever, but the ratio of
troubled assets declined as a share of total assets. There
were other indications of improving soundness. Equity capital
rose to $232.2 billion, or 6.77% of total assets, the highest
year-end ratio in 20 years. And loan-loss reserves edged up
to 72% of noncurrent loans from 71% at the end of 1990.
   "The combination of lower levels of noncurrent loans,
increased equity capital and stable reserves could lead to
lower loan-loss provisioning and improved earnings at
commercial banks in 1992," the FDIC concluded.