CORPORATE PERFORMANCE REVIEW:
   FOURTH QUARTER, 1991
   ---
   Companies' Net Income Fell 34%,
   But Analysts Remain Optimistic
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
After-tax earnings from continuing operations fell 35% in
the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, net income fell 23%
from a year earlier.
   One reason analysts are reasonably optimistic about this
quarter is that it will be compared with the recession-hit
first quarter of 1991, when net fell 16%. Further, last
year's second and third quarters were very weak, and if
economists are right, year-toyear comparisons also should be
helped by an economic recovery.
   The 50 economists interviewed monthly by Blue Chip
Economic Indicators, a Sedona, Ariz., newsletter, now expect
inflation-adjusted gross domestic product to edge upward by
0.5% in the current quarter, a narrow improvement over the
0.3% rise in 1991's fourth quarter. But they expect a 2.2%
rise in the second quarter and a 3.2% upturn in the second
half. If those gains are realized, they should be reflected
in higher profits.
   "It remains my position that we are in the midst of a
recovery that is so slow it doesn't feel like much is
happening," says Greg A. Smith of investment firm Prudential
Securities Inc. In that sort of recovery, he adds, it is
difficult for many companies to generate volume and set
prices that will lead to higher profits. But he does expect
the economy -- and profits -- to steadily improve.
   Profits and the economy obviously work together. John E.
Silvia, first vice president and chief economist of Kemper
Financial Services, says he thinks "gradual improvement in
corporate profits will help businesses restructure their
balance sheets as well as prompt employment gains and capital
spending."
   Edward Yardeni of the investment firm C.J. Lawrence says
lower interest rates already are helping corporate treasurers
refinance their bond obligations at lower costs. This factor
alone, he says, could increase corporate after-tax profits
this year by 10% from last year's levels.
   Among major groups, auto companies, steel producers and
chemical concerns were hit hard in the fourth quarter. Net
income for securities firms and the aerospace industry
soared.
   Heavy combined fourth-quarter losses at Detroit's Big
Three almost certainly made 1991 the worst year in the
history of U.S. auto making.
   Even without the huge amount of red ink expected from
General Motors, the numbers looked bad. Ford ended 1991 with
a fourth-quarter loss of $475.7 million. Chrysler's
fourth-quarter earnings of $97 million reflected a one-time
gain of $127 million from selling its half of a joint-venture
U.S. assembly plant to former partner Mitsubishi Motors.
   GM hasn't reported its results yet because it has been
selling new preference stock. The big auto maker is expected
to report next week, and analysts are estimating the company
had operating losses of as much as $750 million in the fourth
quarter and about $3 billion for the year.
   And while hope remains for a turnaround in 1992, the
companies don't foresee much immediate relief. Chrysler said
it expects a bigger pretax loss in the current quarter than
the $74 million it lost before taxes in the 1991 fourth
quarter. David N. McCammon, Ford's vice president of finance,
declined to predict how quickly Ford would return to the
black.
   The fourth quarter was the worst in years for the steel
industry, as virtually all large U.S. mills reported heavy
losses. The results were aggravated by major charges, mostly
for restructuring. Bethlehem Steel took a charge of $575
million, Armco set aside $203.1 million, Inland Steel
Industries, $165.1 million, and USX's U.S. Steel Group, $129
million.
   Steelmakers continued to suffer from oversupply, price
weakness and lower shipments to auto makers and other major
customers. Only Allegheny Ludlum, which makes the more
profitable specialty steels and benefits from exports, and
Worthington Industries, which is more a steel processor than
a producer, managed to stay in the black. The first quarter
may be slightly improved, though Bethlehem Steel has already
forecast another loss and Inland termed it "improbable" that
the company would make money in 1992.
   Earnings fell sharply in the fourth quarter for many
chemical companies. Analysts said that while the worst may be
over in terms of earnings declines, they don't expect a
sustained rebound for the industry until the second half of
this year.
   Some big one-time restructuring and write-down charges
were added to the two main factors that have been a drag on
earnings for the past several quarters -- an industry
oversupply of many basic chemicals and the recession. Du
Pont, the nation's biggest chemical company, took the biggest
charge: $712 million. Restructuring and cost-reduction
accounted for $537 million of the after-tax charge, with $175
million covering the cost of recalling Benlate fungicide,
which was pulled from the market earlier in the year. Dow
Chemical took a $370 million pretax charge to cover plant
closings and asset write-downs. Monsanto, however, reported
sharply higher results, mainly from lower natural gas and
other raw material costs.
   Meanwhile, Wall Street brokerage firms posted huge profit
jumps, capping a blockbuster year for the securities industry
in the face of the nation's recession.
   The results contrast with the weak year-earlier period,
which was one of Wall Street's worst quarters. But in 1991,
the brokerage firms cashed in on corporate America's record
issuance of new stocks and bonds and the stock market's rally
that began in mid-November. Falling interest rates fueled
both trends-and lowered the firms' interest expenses, one of
the Street's biggest cost items.
   A stark exception: Salomon, whose Salomon Brothers
securities unit felt the lingering effects of the
Treasury-auction bidding scandal that surfaced in August. The
securities unit had pretax profit of just $27 million-tiny
compared with competitors. The parent firm's overall loss was
caused by a charge at its Phibro Energy unit relating to
falling oil prices.
   Other brokerage firms faced no such problems. PaineWebber
Group's record results reversed a year-earlier loss caused by
troubled "bridge" loans to corporate clients and the costs of
layoffs.
   But Wall Street's profit rebound won't necessarily last,
especially if interest rates turn upward and underwriting
activity ebbs.
   Results continued to soar in the aerospace and defense
industry because of booming deliveries of airliners and the
effective way most defense contractors are coping with
federal budget cuts.
   Both the commercial and military business sides
contributed to McDonnell Douglas's strong earnings, which
included $72 million in profit from discontinued operations
and a $32 million gain from settlement of some Internal
Revenue Service issues. General Dynamics -- working to
eliminate its nondefense operations rather than blending them
as many other companies are -- recorded a $100 million gain
from discontinued operations relating to its sale of Cessna.
The year-earlier loss at General Dynamics reflected
write-offs on various programs and restructuring actions.
Martin Marietta's earnings fell only because of a
reorganization of its aluminum operations, which resulted in
a $39 million charge.
   Analysts expect aerospace and defense earnings to keep
rising in the current quarter and through all of 1992, at
least.
   Here are the fourth-quarter profits for various industry
groups and comparisons with the year-earlier quarter. When
individual companies report for three-month periods other
than calendar quarters, the nearest comparable periods are
used. In all the tables, 000s are omitted.
   ---
   BASIC MATERIALS
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990             % CHG.
                                                                                                       

    -1,546,559               1,156,836                 ...
                                                                                                       

   Aluminum producers fared poorly in the quarter. The
industry was hurt by a continuing aluminum glut on world
markets, and most producers were forced to ship a less
profitable mix. Aluminum Co. of America recorded a charge of
$217 million for restructuring and environmental cleanup.
Reynolds Metals' results improved because the year-earlier
quarter included a charge of $93.9 million.
   Most mining companies had lower operating income because
of declines in metals and minerals prices and higher
operating costs. Magma's loss largely reflected a $140.9
million write-down on a mining property, and Brush Wellman
wrote down $30.7 million of its assets. Asarco's net soared
because the year-earlier quarter included a charge of $51.4
million. Cleveland-Cliffs' operating income rose from the
year-earlier results, which were affected by a strike. But
net fell because the 1990 period included a $47.1 million
special gain.
   While most mining companies said production costs
increased, Newmont Mining said its 90.1%-owned gold company's
cash production costs fell to $198 an ounce for the quarter
from $235 a year earlier. The decline came from a
cost-reduction effort that included a bonus program linked to
productivity.
   Wood-products concerns continued to reel from weak pulp
and paper prices and depressed lumber demand, although a mild
upturn in construction helped some companies post profit
improvements.
   Boise Cascade's loss would have been worse without an
extraordinary gain of $52.8 million, which included asset
sales and restructuring charges. Weyerhaeuser's loss included
$238 million of restructuring charges. Louisiana Pacific's
improvement reflected a spurt in demand for the company's
building products, as did Potlatch's. The industry as a whole
will continue to suffer as long as the economy remains
anemic; most companies don't expect significant profit
improvements until the second half of 1992.
                                                                                                       

   METALS
                                                                                                       

   -- STEEL
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Allegheny Ludlum                13,037        6,079  + 114
 Armco Inc                     -241,500       -8,500    ...
 Bethlehem Steel               -638,100     -516,800    ...
 Inland Steel Ind              -191,346      -57,124    ...
 LTV Corp                        -8,500      -19,500    ...
 USX-U S Steel Group           -165,000       51,000    ...
 Worthington Indus               13,935       13,076  +   7
 TOTAL                       -1,217,474     -531,769    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- ALUMINUM
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Aluminum Co of Amer           -191,400     -140,400    ...
 AMAX Inc                       -10,000       60,100    ...
 Maxxam Inc                       9,800       33,000  -  70
 Reynolds Metals                 23,700       15,100  +  57
 TOTAL                         -167,900      -32,200    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- OTHER NONFERROUS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Asarco Inc                      12,300        3,700  + 232
 Brush Wellman Inc              -30,079        4,346    ...
 Cyprus Minerals                -28,900        8,400    ...
 Magma Copper Co               -136,559       19,274    ...
 Phelps Dodge Corp               75,200      102,900  -  27
 TOTAL                         -108,038      138,620    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- MINING, DIVERSIFIED
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 2 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Cleveland-Cliffs                11,400       50,000  -  77
 Freeport-McMoRan                12,852       10,193  +  26
 TOTAL                           24,252       60,193  -  60
                                                                                                       

   -- PRECIOUS METALS
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Battle Mtn Gold                   -959        1,566    ...
 Handy  Harman                   2,422        2,241  +   8
 Hecla Mining                    -1,853       -2,291    ...

 TOTAL                           22,304        6,630  + 236
                                                                                                       

   LUMBER AND PAPER
                                                                                                       

   -- FOREST PRODUCTS
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Georgia-Pacific                -67,000       62,000    ...
 Louisiana Pacific                8,800       -3,900    ...
 Potlatch Corp                   16,185        4,556  + 255
 Weyerhaeuser Co               -256,383       58,818    ...
 Willamette Indus                15,215       12,247  +  24
 TOTAL                         -283,183      133,721    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- PAPER
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 10 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Boise Cascade                  -15,780        4,810    ...
 Bowater Inc                      1,556       18,286  -  91
 Champion Int'l                  10,500       26,918  -  61
 Consolidated Papers             21,482       30,237  -  29
 Fed'l Paper Board                5,700       22,900  -  75
 Glatfelter (PH)                 20,623       25,940  -  20
 Int'l Paper Co                  66,000       23,000  + 187
 Mead Corp                        8,200      -92,900    ...
 Union Camp Corp                 19,959       52,166  -  62
 Westvaco Corp                   47,602       48,312  -   1
 TOTAL                          185,842      159,669  +  16
                                                                                                       

   OTHERS
                                                                                                       

   -- CHEMICALS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 18 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Air Products  Ch               64,200       60,600  +   6
 Betz Labs                       18,564       16,036  +  16
 Cabot Corp                      16,645       19,304  -  14
 Dow Chemical                   -92,000      274,000    ...
 Du Pont Co                    -240,000      468,000    ...
 Ethyl Corp                      48,345       66,433  -  27
 Goodrich (BF)                 -106,700       14,100    ...
 Grace (WR)  Co                 80,600       73,700  +   9
 Great Lakes Chem                39,669       36,577  +   8
 Hercules Inc                    34,102        2,610  +1207
 Lubrizol Corp                   31,900       31,526  +   1
 Monsanto Co                     66,000       31,000  + 113
 Morton Int'l                    34,800       30,100  +  16
 Nalco Chemical                  37,413       35,586  +   5
 Olin Corp                       10,200        8,900  +  15

 Rohm  Haas Co                  29,500       36,800  -  20
 Union Carbide                  -58,000        7,000    ...
 TOTAL                           -2,362    1,221,972    ...
   ---
   ENERGY
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990             % CHG.
                                                                                                       

     2,703,982               3,935,195                - 31
                                                                                                       

   Sharply lower oil and natural gas prices and reduced
demand for petroleum products slashed earnings of major oil
companies. The price of oil has fallen by around $10 a barrel
since the fourth quarter of 1990, and that decline sharply
reduced exploration and production profits.
   Gasoline refining and marketing remain hard-hit at most
companies because of the recession, which has curbed demand.
Gasoline price wars in many parts of the country narrowed
profit margins. The sluggish economy combined with some
oversupply also curtailed demand for petrochemicals, which
remained in a slump. Chevron took a $244 million charge
related mostly to a companywide work-force reduction and the
probable cutback at its giant Port Arthur, Texas, refinery;
earnings a year earlier were reduced by special charges
totaling $123 million.
   Analysts don't see any drastic changes for the oil
industry this quarter. However, year-to-year comparisons
won't be as stark because the average crude price in the 1991
first quarter had already fallen.
   Drillers and oilfield equipment and services companies saw
sharply reduced profits, as drilling for oil and natural gas
plunged to record lows in the U.S. Overseas activity,
however, was relatively stable, and companies that were able
to do more foreign business could offset the domestic
downturn somewhat. Halliburton took an $83 million charge,
mostly related to a restructuring and shrinking of its
domestic oilfield operations. Schlumberger was buoyed by a
gain of $131 million from the sale of an investment.
   Profits for natural gas pipeline companies were mixed.
Many of the companies benefited from cost-cutting strategies
that offset the continuing slump in gas prices during the
critical winter season.
   Panhandle Eastern swung to a profit from a year-earlier
loss, partly due to widespread cost reductions and a rate
increase at its Texas Eastern Transmission unit. The
year-earlier results included provisions of about $280
million. Enron's margins were boosted by its cogeneration
power plant-building segment and by long-term contracts to
sell gas to utilities. Transco Energy's wider loss included a
restructuring charge of $149.2 million.
   Industry analysts predict only modest earnings improvement
this year because market growth remains slow.
   ---
   OIL
                                                                                                       

   -- INTEGRATED OILS

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 10 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Amoco Corp                     153,000      538,000  -  72
 Atlantic Richfield             268,000      566,000  -  53
 Chevron Corp                    39,000      633,000  -  94
 Exxon Corp                   1,120,000    1,555,000  -  28
 Mobil Corp                     401,000      652,000  -  38
 Phillips Petroleum              79,000      237,000  -  67
 Sun Co                         -35,000       18,000    ...
 Texaco Inc                     324,000      388,000  -  16
 Unocal Corp                    -16,000       38,000    ...
 USX-Marathon Group            -229,000      216,000    ...
 TOTAL                        2,104,000    4,841,000  -  57
                                                                                                       

   -- SECONDARY OILS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 15 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Amerada Hess                   -51,600      235,200    ...
 Anadarko Petroleum              19,000       28,000  -  32
 Ashland Oil                     29,480      -10,766    ...
 Kerr-McGee Corp                 34,800       49,900  -  30
 Louisiana Land                   5,900       27,000  -  78
 Mapco Inc                       31,100       27,100  +  15
 Murphy Oil Corp                 24,939       18,959  +  32
 Noble Affiliates                 5,388       10,679  -  50
 Occidental Petrol                6,000   -1,998,000    ...
 Oryx Energy                    -40,000      140,000    ...
 Pennzoil                         4,406       29,937  -  85
 Quaker State Corp                3,567        4,528  -  21
 Santa Fe Energy                  4,000       12,500  -  68
 Union Texas Petro               27,000       60,000  -  55
 Valero Energy                   22,800       33,300  -  32
 TOTAL                          126,780   -1,331,663    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- DRILLERS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Global Marine                    6,900       -3,400    ...
 Helmerich  Payne                5,080       13,745  -  63
 Parker Drilling                  1,496        1,765  -  15
 Rowan Cos                      -17,757        2,929    ...
 TOTAL                           -4,281       15,039    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- OILFIELD EQUIP/SVCS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Baker Hughes                    24,565       36,296  -  32
 Dresser Indust                  60,500       73,900  -  18
 Halliburton Co                 -57,700       58,700    ...

 Schlumberger Ltd               305,719      149,552  + 104
 TOTAL                          400,715      319,950  +  25
                                                                                                       

   OTHERS
                                                                                                       

   -- PIPELINES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 8 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Burlington Resources            49,142       52,193  -   6
 Coastal Corp                    12,400       94,900  -  87
 Enron Corp                      64,600       53,200  +  21
 Enserch Corp                     3,914       46,317  -  92
 Panhandle Eastern               30,300     -251,400    ...
 Sonat Inc                        4,694       41,740  -  89
 Transco Energy                -139,474       -5,165    ...
 Williams Cos                    47,500       52,200  -   9
 TOTAL                           73,076       83,985  -  13
                                                                                                       

   -- COAL
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 3 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Ashland Coal                    11,525        5,142  + 124
 Penn Virginia Corp                -426          895    ...
 Westmoreland Coal               -7,407          847    ...
 TOTAL                            3,692        6,884  -  46
   ---
   INDUSTRIAL
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990            % CHG.
                                                                                                       

   -307,783                2,005,895                  ...
                                                                                                       

   The rail group's big net loss reflected special charges
for work-force reductions, but railroad earnings before the
charges increased. Excluding a $497.7 million after-tax
charge, Norfolk Southern would have had a 22% earnings
improvement. Earnings at CSX would have increased 4% without
an after-tax charge of $490 million for productivity
improvements. However, Conrail's earnings excluding a $447
million after-tax charge would have declined to $71 million
from $76 million. Efficiency gains, including reduction in
the size of freight train crews, helped offset flat or down
rail traffic and positioned the group for a first-quarter
earnings improvement.
   Trucking company earnings were hurt by flat freight
volumes and continued rate discounting in the
less-than-truckload sector. But Consolidated Freightways'
loss from its Emery Worldwide unit narrowed. Analysts expect
healthier profits for the group in the first quarter.
   Air-express companies had trouble improving on 1990's
depressed results, as volume growth slowed and price-cutting
wiped out productivity gains. Kevin Murphy, an analyst with
Morgan Stanley, sees no real turnaround for the industry in
this quarter.
   Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continued at
recessionary levels, with no signs of a significant upturn.
Paccar benefited from the absence of restructuring charges
and lower provisions for loan losses. Cost-cutting, plus
strong sales of mid-range engines, enabled Cummins to
approach the break-even level. Unless conditions in its
markets get worse, the engine maker expects a first-quarter
profit. But Navistar, the maker of International brand
trucks, expects to report another loss for its fiscal first
quarter.
   The economic slowdown continued to hammer machinery
makers, and they expect any recovery this year to be slow.
Caterpillar's loss included pretax charges of $324 million
for a "probable" plant closing in York, Pa., and
consolidation of Brazilian operations, among other things.
Deere's loss included an after-tax charge of $120 million to
cut 2,100 jobs and close a foundry. That was partly offset by
a credit of $65 million related to accounting for inventory.
Lower interest rates should eventually help boost sales for
construction-equipment makers.
   ---
   TRANSPORTATION
                                                                                                       

   -- RAILROADS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Burlington North                40,000       44,000  -   9
 Consolidated Rail             -376,000       76,000    ...
 CSX Corp                      -356,000      129,000    ...
 Norfolk Southern              -354,600      117,100    ...
 Santa Fe Pacific                32,800      -54,600    ...
 Union Pacific                  184,000      176,000  +   5
 TOTAL                         -829,800      487,500    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- TRUCKING
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Carolina Freight                  -505          701    ...
 Consolidated Frght              -6,734       -1,877    ...
 Hunt (J B) Transp                8,934        6,775  +  32
 Roadway Services                51,482       45,243  +  14
 Yellow Freight Sys               1,419       13,141  -  89
 TOTAL                           54,596       63,983  -  15
                                                                                                       

   -- AIR-FREIGHT COURIERS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 2 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Airborne Freight                 6,649        5,920  +  12
 Federal Express                 26,527       37,474  -  29

                                                                                                       

   -- MARINE TRANSPORT
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 2 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Alexander  Bald                28,225       23,423  +  21
 American President              11,600        2,000  + 480
 TOTAL                           39,825       25,423  +  57
                                                                                                       

   EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                       

   -- TRANSPORTATION
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Cummins Engine                  -2,300     -119,000    ...
 Eaton Corp                      33,000       36,000  -   8
 Navistar Int'l                 -67,000       -7,000    ...
 Paccar Inc                      19,150        5,759  + 233
 Trinity Industries               6,000       10,500  -  43
 TOTAL                          -11,150      -73,741    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- FACTORY EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Cincinnati Milac                 4,020      -31,453    ...
 Giddings  Lewis                 6,313        5,186  +  22
 Interlake Corp                  -4,685       -3,628    ...
 Keystone Int'l                  -7,528       10,503    ...
 Nordson Corp                    11,045        8,659  +  28
 TOTAL                            9,165      -10,733    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- HEAVY MACHINERY
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Caterpillar Inc               -318,000       11,000    ...
 Clark Equipment                -32,657        9,142    ...
 Deere  Co                     -81,500       74,500    ...
 Harnischfeger Ind               18,627       20,592  -  10
 Manitowoc Co                       123        2,851  -  96
 Nacco Industries                10,157         -676    ...
 TOTAL                         -403,250      117,409    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- ELECT. COMPONENTS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 AMP Inc                         63,000       66,525  -   5
 Emerson Electric               152,600      146,800  +   4

 Hubbel Inc                      22,824       21,746  +   5
 Tecumseh Products               10,800        1,900  + 468
 Thomas  Betts                  11,181       12,798  -  13
 Westinghouse Elec              171,000     -449,000    ...
 TOTAL                          466,165     -164,916    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- HEAVY CONSTRUCTION
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Fluor Corp                      45,900       40,700  +  13
 Kasler Corp                      1,711          995  +  72
 Morrison Knudsen                 5,814       11,345  -  49
 Stone  Webster                  3,255        1,978  +  65
 TOTAL                           56,680       55,018  +   3
                                                                                                       

   OTHERS
                                                                                                       

   -- BUILDING MATERIALS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Armstrong World                -12,000        4,700    ...
 CalMat Co                        2,396          341  + 603
 Masco Corp                     -27,700      -35,000    ...
 Owens-Corning                 -529,000      -33,000    ...
 Sherwin-Williams                22,649       21,015  +   8
 Vulcan Materials                -1,306       19,809    ...
 TOTAL                         -544,961      -22,135    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- CONTAINERS/PKGING
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Ball Corp                        9,000        1,400  + 543
 Crown Cork  Seal               25,844       21,439  +  21
 Sonoco Products                 24,452       26,883  -   9
 Stone Container                -36,800        9,400    ...
 Temple-Inland                   23,700       48,100  -  51
 TOTAL                           46,196      107,222  -  57
                                                                                                       

   -- INDUST/COMM SERV
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 15 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Comdisco Inc                    20,000       23,000  -  13
 Commerce Clearing                  968          251  + 286
 Deluxe Corp                     52,700       53,700  -   2
 Donnelley (R R)  Sons          68,508       68,165  +   1
 Dun  Bradstreet               153,377      135,164  +  13
 Equifax Inc                     15,773        7,833  + 101
 Flightsafety Int                19,874       20,797  -   4

 Kelly Services                   9,091       16,251  -  44
 Nat'l Education                  8,983        1,158  + 676
 Nat'l Service Ind               17,642       24,561  -  28
 Ryder System Inc               -30,593      -25,033    ...
 Safety-Kleen                    13,859       19,931  -  30
 ServiceMaster L P               22,024       29,411  -  25
 XTRA Corp                        7,865        6,179  +  27
 TOTAL                          385,053      395,334  -   3
                                                                                                       

   -- POLLUTION MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Browning-Ferris                 40,298       60,836  -  34
 Chambers Development            14,538        8,715  +  67
 Ogden Corp                       2,812       -4,507    ...
 Rollins Environ                  5,993        5,981      0
 Waste Management                26,539      195,634  -  86
 TOTAL                           90,180      266,659  -  66
                                                                                                       

   -- DIVERSIFIED INDUST.
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 17 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Allied-Signal                  115,000      107,000  +   7
 CBI Industries                  18,195       13,296  +  37
 Cooper Industries              120,600      109,100  +  11
 Crane Co                        10,809       16,051  -  33
 Dexter Corp                    -10,623        9,400    ...
 Dover Corp                      30,862       36,445  -  15
 Engelhard Corp                  22,800       21,400  +   7
 FMC Corp                        30,200       27,100  +  11
 Harsco Corp                     27,258       19,436  +  40
 Ingersoll-Rand                  54,700       45,700  +  20
 Parker Hannifin                 13,224       19,108  -  31
 PPG Industries                  31,500      101,400  -  69
 Raychem Corp                   -11,919        1,140    ...
 Stanley Works                   25,200       25,800  -   2
 Tenneco Inc                    -26,000      130,000    ...
 Trinova Corp                  -174,532        4,451    ...
 Tyco Labs Inc                   23,068       28,651  -  19
 TOTAL                          300,342      715,478  -  58
   ---
   CONSUMER, CYCLICAL
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990            % CHG.
                                                                                                       

   2,244,242               2,007,560                 + 12
                                                                                                       

   Home builders reported generally improved earnings for
their most recent completed quarters, with balance sheets
strengthened by across-the-board gains in market share as the
companies were able to meet demand in an industry crippled by
a dearth of credit. Analysts attributed Standard Pacific's
drop in net income to a special $3 million charge. Analysts
project solid year-to-year gains in the current quarter for
Standard Pacific, Centex, Kaufman  Broad, PHM and Clayton
Homes.
   Weak Christmas sales and heavy markdowns are expected to
depress earnings for many retailers in the fiscal fourth
quarter. Although sales in January, the period's final month,
strengthened substantially, analysts say it's too soon to
declare an end to the recession.
   Some chains, however, may get a boost from adjusting
inventories for inflation and from lower interest rates.
Sears Roebuck, which owns financial-service businesses in
addition to its core retail units and operates on a
calendar-year basis, already reported a 35% jump in profit
from year-earlier depressed earnings.
   Analysts expect Dayton Hudson and Nordstrom, which both
operate large numbers of stores in the weak California
market, to post lower earnings. Woolworth is also expected to
post a decline, even before a $250 million charge for
closing, selling or changing the format of 900 stores.
   Hotel and casino companies turned in mixed results,
largely because of the recession. Lodging companies generally
reported flat to weaker operating results masked by unusual
items. Marriott's operating profit dropped 2%, while Hilton
Hotels' lodging chain produced essentially flat operating
results coupled with a 45% drop in casino operating income.
   The restaurant industry showed signs of improvement at the
end of a sluggish year. Domestic same-store sales grew about
4% at McDonald's as the chain benefited from increased
traffic at year end, favorable weather and continued price
discounting. Overseas, McDonald's continued to post
double-digit profit gains. TCBY Enterprises saw a 5% decline
in same-store sales, but that's a big improvement from a year
earlier.
   Recreational products companies posted mixed results.
Eastman Kodak's loss included a $597 million restructuring
charge. But even without the charge, earnings would have been
well below analysts' expectations. Paramount Communications'
decline reflected weak movie-business results and costs
associated with the renovation of Madison Square Garden. Walt
Disney's fiscal first-quarter profit, on the other hand,
jumped mainly because of success in the company's movie
operations.
   In the media sector, Capital Cities/ABC suffered from a
continued advertising slump in broadcast advertising and from
a charge for the redemption of high-yield debt. However,
profit at Capital Cities publishing increased substantially
because of gains at its nine daily newspapers.
   At major newspaper companies, results again were hurt by
the slumping market for retail and classified advertising in
virtually every region of the country. Several publishers,
such as Times Mirror, used the quarter to take large one-time
charges for voluntary severance and early retirement plans.
Analysts say year-to-year comparisons on major advertising
areas could flatten out, but events such as R.H. Macy's
recent bankruptcy-court filing are expected to extend
advertising problems for publishers such as New York Times,
Times Mirror and Washington Post.
   Airline profits were weighed down by the continuing
effects of sluggish traffic, discount ticket pricing and the
weak economy. Results weren't as bad as in the 1990 quarter,
when the industry was affected by the Persian Gulf conflict,
high jet fuel prices and a steep drop in tourism. But the
improvement was beaten back. Although December jet fuel
prices dropped about 27% from the year before, December
traffic growth was only 3.6%. UAL took pretax charges of $130
million for the quarter.
   In the apparel industry, athletic shoe companies and
makers of inexpensive casual clothing posted the strongest
gains, reflecting a cautious and highly promotional retail
environment. Hartmarx was stymied by the weak sales in men's
suits and in its own retail stores. As consumers continue to
spend cautiously in the near term, analysts believe the first
quarter for most apparel concerns will be largely unchanged.
   ---
   AUTOS
                                                                                                       

   -- MANUFACTURING
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 2 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Chrysler                        97,000       31,000  + 213
 Ford Motor                    -475,700     -518,500    ...
 TOTAL                         -378,700     -487,500    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- PARTS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Cooper Tire  Rubber            25,504       19,387  +  32
 Dana Corp                        1,800        4,100  -  56
 Echlin Inc                      13,076       11,084  +  18
 Goodyear Tire                  105,100       11,600  + 806
 Johnson Controls                28,400       24,500  +  16
 Snap-On Tools                   18,772       17,267  +   9
 Timken Co                      -36,210        2,217    ...
 TOTAL                          156,442       90,155  +  74
                                                                                                       

   HOUSING
                                                                                                       

   -- HOME BUILDERS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Centex Corp                     10,168        8,305  +  22
 Clayton Homes                    7,092        5,031  +  41
 Kaufman  Broad Home            13,250        3,174  + 317
 PHM Corp                        20,851        3,739  + 458
 Ryland Group                     1,694        3,887  -  56
 Standard Pacific                 1,472        3,606  -  59
 TOTAL                           54,527       27,742  +  97

   -- FURNISHINGS/APPLIANCES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Black  Decker                  31,900        6,800  + 369
 Maytag Corp                     20,991       12,930  +  62
 Shaw Industries                 12,526        8,855  +  41
 Whirlpool Corp                  40,000      -54,000    ...
 Zenith Electronics                 500      -27,400    ...
 TOTAL                          105,917      -52,815    ...
                                                                                                       

   RETAILING
                                                                                                       

   -- APPAREL RETAILERS
                                                                                                       

                                Quarter      Quarter     %
 8 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Gap Inc                         70,796       47,726  +  48
 General Cinema                -283,090       12,842    ...
 Limited Inc                     72,872       84,917  -  14
 Mercantile Stores               30,457       33,568  -   9
 Nordstrom Inc                   19,430       20,426  -   5
 Petrie Stores Inc               -4,257       -4,934    ...
 TJX Cos                         27,431       29,841  -   8
 U S Shoe Corp                    8,724        9,230  -   5
 TOTAL                          -57,637      233,616    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- BROADLINE RETAILERS
                                                                                                       

                                Quarter      Quarter     %
 8 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Dayton Hudson                   35,000       58,000  -  40
 Dillard Dept Strs               39,048       32,357  +  21
 Kmart                          109,500      105,900  +   3
 May Dept Stores                 91,000       90,000  +   1
 Penney (J C)                   116,000      134,000  -  13
 Sears Roebuck  Co             513,100      378,800  +  35
 Wal-Mart Stores                353,200      282,807  +  25
 Woolworth Corp                  41,000       80,000  -  49
 TOTAL                        1,297,848    1,161,864  +  12
                                                                                                       

   -- DRUG-BASED RETAILERS
                                                                                                       

                                Quarter      Quarter     %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Longs Drug Store                11,484       11,964  -   4
 McKesson Corp                   26,200       27,300  -   4
 Medco Containment               26,645       12,193  + 119
 Rite Aid                        25,326       21,576  +  17
 Walgreen                        35,449       32,139  +  10
 TOTAL                          125,104      105,172  +  19
                                                                                                       

   -- SPECIALTY RETAILERS
                                                                                                       

                                Quarter      Quarter     %
 10 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Circuit City                     8,799        2,531  + 248
 Home Depot Inc                  58,385       36,096  +  62
 Josten's Inc                    15,389       14,480  +   6
 Lowe's Cos                      12,992       14,081  -   8
 Melville Corp                  233,638      234,928  -   1
 Pep Boys-M M J                  10,747        8,285  +  30
 Pic 'N' Save Corp                4,323        2,388  +  81
 Price Co                        50,335       47,027  +   7
 Tandy Corp                      78,810       99,002  -  20
 Toys R Us                       32,117       28,725  +  12
 TOTAL                          505,535      487,543  +   4
                                                                                                       

   LODGING AND RECREATION
                                                                                                       

   -- LODGING
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 2 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Hilton Hotels                   29,600       27,300  +   8
 Marriott Corp                   27,000      -54,000    ...
 TOTAL                           56,600      -26,700    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- RESTAURANTS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 McDonald's Corp                200,400      186,200  +   8
 Shoney's Inc                     9,310        6,744  +  38
 Sysco Corp                      43,789       40,466  +   8
 TCBY Enterprises                -1,411          400    ...
 TOTAL                          252,088      233,810  +   8
                                                                                                       

   -- CASINOS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Aztar Corp                       2,348       -3,451    ...
 Caesars World                   22,902       14,017  +  63
 Circus Circus                   29,292       26,016  +  13
 Promus Cos                        -797      -18,515    ...
 TOTAL                           53,745       18,067  + 197
                                                                                                       

   -- RECREATIONAL PRODS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 11 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Brunswick Corp                 -13,700      -17,100    ...
 Disney (Walt)                  208,126      170,444  +  22

 Fisher-Price                     4,000      -29,200    ...
 Hasbro Inc                      44,846       27,926  +  61
 King World Prod                 36,560       36,217  +   1
 Mattel Inc                      29,270       14,655  + 100
 Outboard Marine                -17,800      -22,600    ...
 Paramount Communic              83,300      110,500  -  25
 Polaroid                        58,500       55,000  +   6
 Time Warner Inc                 45,000      -34,000    ...
 TOTAL                           78,102      637,842  -  88
                                                                                                       

   MEDIA AND ADVERTISING
                                                                                                       

   -- MEDIA
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 15 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Affiliated Publications        -67,989        6,269    ...
 American Greetings              40,751       34,871  +  17
 Belo (A H)                       5,907       12,760  -  54
 Capital Cities/ABC             103,151      157,452  -  34
 CBS Inc                          9,400     -156,000    ...
 Dow Jones  Co                   3,512       23,416  -  85
 Gannett Co                      97,045      117,292  -  17
 Knight-Ridder                   46,365       41,999  +  10
 Lee Enterprises                  9,625       11,573  -  17
 McGraw-Hill                     45,359       51,429  -  12
 Multimedia Inc                  14,549       17,016  -  14
 New York Times                  34,596       12,247  + 182
 Times Mirror                   -13,024       45,614    ...
 Tribune Co                      32,651     -191,398    ...
 Washington Post                 46,969       42,087  +  12
 TOTAL                          408,867      226,627  +  80
                                                                                                       

   -- ADVERTISING
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 0 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 TOTAL                                0            0    ...
                                                                                                       

   OTHERS
                                                                                                       

   -- AIRLINES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Alaska Air Group                  -895      -10,121    ...
 AMR Corp                      -124,900     -215,100    ...
 Delta Air Lines               -187,600     -207,800    ...
 Southwest Airlines               8,842       -4,581    ...
 UAL Corp                      -252,631     -123,522    ...
 USAir Group                      1,631     -221,060    ...
 TOTAL                         -555,553     -782,184    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- TEXTILES/APPAREL
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Brown Group                      7,011       10,018  -  30
 Hartmarx Corp                  -15,125       -3,955    ...
 Nike Inc                        61,535       58,081  +   6
 Reebok Int'l                    49,715       39,481  +  26
 Russell Corp                    26,353       19,735  +  34
 Springs Industries              11,868       10,961  +   8
 TOTAL                          141,357      134,321  +   5
   ---
   CONSUMER, NONCYCLICAL
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990            % CHG.
                                                                                                       

   7,481,668               7,670,019                 -  2
                                                                                                       

   Many food companies posted double-digit earnings gains
despite intense competition, heavy marketing expenditures by
such giants as ConAgra and Kellogg and some trading down to
lower-priced items by consumers.
   Campbell Soup's North American unit had higher sales
volume on soups and noodles. Better packaged-food sales and
citrus-operation yields more than offset lower banana profits
at Dole Foods. U.S. chocolate operations sweetened Hershey
Food's bottom line as acquisitions led to a 13% quarterly
sales gain. Higher volumes and margins boosted earnings at
Quaker Oats. And margins improved at Pet, which reported
strong sales gains for Mexican foods and Italian soups.
   However, earnings soured at Borden, which took a $44
million restructuring charge in the quarter and was pinched
by higher milk costs and lower cheese prices.
   Food retailers muddled through another poor quarter. As
the recession lingered and shoppers tightened already cinched
belts, grocery stores found that they could no longer even
pass through price increases to make up for customers'
shrinking appetites. Food-price inflation was practically
nonexistent. Sales of cheaper private-label items continued
to flourish, as supermarket shoppers reached for generic
goods on the grocery shelves. Super Valu Stores was helped by
a $51.3 million nonrecurring gain.
   The major beverage companies reported mostly moderate
earnings gains amid the recession, capping a difficult year
for soft drinks and beer. In the quarter, Coca-Cola saw
volume, as measured by case sales, rise 3%, while PepsiCo's
was flat. Coke benefited from stronger overseas sales,
particularly in newly unified Germany, while Pepsi's earnings
got a boost from the performance of its world-wide soft drink
and restaurant divisions. Pepsi's struggling Kentucky Fried
Chicken domestic unit, however, hampered earnings.
   Anheuser-Busch increased its market share during 1991. The
63% earnings swings at AW Brands and Whitman partly reflect
year-earlier special items.
   For the first quarter, Kidder Peabody analyst Roy Burry
sees earnings increases of about 20% for Coke and 13% for
both Pepsi and Anheuser-Busch.
   ---
   FOOD AND DRINK
                                                                                                       

   -- FOOD
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 21 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Archer-Daniels-Mid             131,054      117,439  +  12
 Borden Inc                      43,100      102,300  -  58
 Campbell Soup                  160,600      135,300  +  19
 ConAgra Inc                    111,700       95,200  +  17
 CPC International              110,136      101,450  +   9
 Dean Foods                      15,893       16,810  -   5
 Dole Food Co                    29,063       19,417  +  50
 Flowers Indust                   5,449        4,731  +  15
 General Mills Inc              128,300      118,200  +   9
 Gerber Products                 14,521       27,208  -  47
 Heinz (H J)                    122,821      139,770  -  12
 Hershey Foods                   74,904       46,391  +  61
 Hormel (George A)               36,601       36,316  +   1
 Kellogg Co                     118,200      108,500  +   9
 McCormick  Co                  29,996       25,498  +  18
 Pet Inc                         41,600       34,600  +  20
 Quaker Oats Co                  44,700        3,100  +1342
 Ralston Purina                 130,700      135,300  -   3
 Sara Lee Corp                  189,400      166,800  +  14
 Tyson Foods Inc                 31,874       28,875  +  10
 Wrigley (Wm) Jr                 23,095       20,158  +  15
 TOTAL                        1,593,707    1,483,363  +   7
                                                                                                       

   -- FOOD RETAILERS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 10 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Albertson's Inc                 59,519       55,817  +   7
 American Stores                 28,931       30,906  -   6
 Bruno's Inc                     17,897       18,535  -   3
 Fleming Cos                    -21,648       26,706    ...
 Food Lion                       60,761       54,006  +  13
 Giant Food                      14,201       24,901  -  43
 Great Atl  Pac                  3,916       32,050  -  88
 Kroger Co                       29,415       66,923  -  56
 Super Valu Stores               84,424       38,002  + 122
 Winn-Dixie Stores               53,813       49,087  +  10
 TOTAL                          331,229      396,933  -  17
                                                                                                       

   -- BEVERAGES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 AW Brands Inc                   4,382        2,693  +  63
 Anheuser-Busch                 159,200      141,700  +  12
 Brown-Forman                    52,704       43,967  +  20

 Coca-Cola Enter               -125,000       11,100    ...
 PepsiCo Inc                    271,100      265,900  +   2
 Whitman Corp                    23,400       63,500  -  63
 TOTAL                          744,169      823,195  -  10
                                                                                                       

   HEALTH CARE
                                                                                                       

   -- HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS
                                                                                                       

                                Quarter      Quarter     %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Community Psych                 -3,003       20,735    ...
 Humana Inc                      76,000       75,000  +   1
 Manor Care                      12,259        9,204  +  33
 Nat'l Medical Enter             70,632       66,000  +   7
 U S Healthcare                  43,271       32,696  +  32
 TOTAL                          199,159      203,635  -   2
                                                                                                       

   -- MEDICAL SUPPLIES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Abbott Labs                    314,720      279,752  +  12
 American Cyanamid               65,900       56,500  +  17
 Bard (C R) Inc                  15,100       10,500  +  44
 Bausch  Lomb                  -18,301       39,229    ...
 Baxter Int'l                   184,000      178,000  +   3
 Becton Dickinson                21,777       29,479  -  26
 Imcera Group                    25,700       19,800  +  30
 TOTAL                          608,896      613,260  -   1
                                                                                                       

   -- PHARMACEUTICALS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 10 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 American Home Prod             372,605      328,208  +  14
 Bristol-Myers Squibb           509,963      425,450  +  20
 Johnson  Johnson              274,000      232,000  +  18
 Lilly (Eli)  Co               311,100      255,300  +  22
 Merck  Co                     529,800      442,200  +  20
 Pfizer Inc                         900      154,800  -  99
 Schering-Plough                149,000      130,600  +  14
 Syntex Corp                    132,300      125,200  +   6
 Upjohn Co                      136,377      120,951  +  13
 Warner-Lambert                -297,052      105,405    ...
 TOTAL                        2,118,993    2,320,114  -   9
                                                                                                       

   OTHERS
                                                                                                       

   -- COSMETICS/PERSONAL CARE
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 2 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg

 Int'l Flavors  F               30,360       28,844  +   5
 Tambrands                        3,892       18,041  -  78
 TOTAL                           34,252       46,885  -  27
                                                                                                       

   -- HOUSEHOLD PRODUCTS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 13 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 American Brands                216,600        7,100  +2951
 Clorox Co                       25,365       20,433  +  24
 Colgate-Palmolive               86,900       73,500  +  18
 James River Corp                 7,758       62,024  -  87
 Kimberly-Clark                 138,700      111,200  +  25
 Newell Co                       33,297       27,798  +  20
 Philip Morris Cos              767,000      880,000  -  13
 Premark Int'l                   47,600       27,800  +  71
 Procter  Gamble               523,000      490,000  +   7
 Rubbermaid Inc                  38,565       32,989  +  17
 Scott Paper Co                -157,700      -51,500    ...
 Universal Corp                  28,926       19,337  +  50
 UST Inc                         66,288       54,722  +  21
 TOTAL                        1,822,299    1,755,403  +   4
                                                                                                       

   -- CONSUMER SERVICES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Block (HR) Inc                 -3,333       -2,352    ...
 CPI Corp                         6,835       10,268  -  33
 Rollins Inc                      5,233        4,171  +  25
 Service Corp Int'l              20,229       15,144  +  34
 TOTAL                           28,964       27,231  +   6
   ---
   TECHNOLOGY
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990            % CHG.
                                                                                                       

   1,044,807               5,630,717                 - 81
                                                                                                       

   It was another poor quarter for the computer industry.
International Business Machines' loss came because of a
pretax charge of $3.4 billion to cover the elimination of
29,000 jobs last year. Still, even without the charge,
earnings would have dropped nearly 50%, as IBM brought to a
close the most difficult year in its history.
   Results for other computer makers were mixed.
Hewlett-Packard would have produced a 12% earnings increase
if not for a charge of $150 million before taxes to cover
3,300 job reductions. Sun Microsystems produced another solid
quarter as it continued to lead the workstation market. Apple
Computer also did well as it began to get its costs under
control and found strong demand for its new notebook
computers. Even long-troubled Unisys produced a profit, on
the strength of major cost-cutting.
   The outlook for the first quarter is weak. New
IBM-compatible mainframes, available since the fall, may help
IBM and Amdahl, but the recession appears to be keeping a lid
on demand. Pressure on prices will hurt workstation
companies, even though that's one of the pockets of strong
revenue growth. And personal computer companies seem unable
to halt the price wars that hurt the industry last year.
   The semiconductor and software industries saw strong
growth. Semiconductor companies were boosted by brisk sales
of new products or were aided by the effects of cost
reductions. Not all companies were carried by a wave of
profitability related to chips; Avnet's semiconductor sales
held steady, but sales of its other electronic components
fell, hurting net income.
   Among communications companies, American Telephone 
Telegraph was disappointing in the quarter, suffering from a
7% decline in sales of telecommunications products and
systems. That offset long-distance increases of 6% in revenue
and 6.5% in traffic volume, although traffic volume was down
slightly from the prior quarter. Results included a $218
million write-down of the company's stake in Italy's
Industriali Riunite.
   Motorola was helped by improvement in its Asian markets,
despite declines in the U.S. and Europe attributable to
sluggish economic conditions. Overall, the improved earnings
reflected the strength of Motorola's product lines, and
analysts said that should provide for good 1992 results.
   ---
   DATA PROCESSING
                                                                                                       

   -- COMPUTERS/INFORMATION
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 14 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Amdahl Corp                    -12,677       61,314    ...
 Apple Computer                 166,018      150,509  +  10
 Compaq Computer                 66,562      134,826  -  51
 Control Data                   -15,200      -23,800    ...
 Cray Research                   59,629       33,383  +  79
 Data General                     4,000       12,400  -  68
 Digital Equipment             -138,327      111,141    ...
 Hewlett-Packard                125,000      202,000  -  38
 IBM                         -1,382,000    2,461,000    ...
 Seagate Technology              11,021       27,802  -  60
 Sun Microsystems                47,446       39,115  +  21
 Tandem Computers               -94,609        7,012    ...
 Unisys Corp                     80,500      -88,500    ...
 Wang Labs                       -6,800      -24,700    ...
 TOTAL                       -1,089,437    3,103,502    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- OFFICE EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 AM International                -5,819        1,742    ...

 Pitney Bowes                    87,940       81,365  +   8
 Smith Corona                     7,000        6,800  +   3
 Xerox Corp                      91,000      235,000  -  61
 TOTAL                          177,273      328,898  -  46
                                                                                                       

   -- SEMICONDUCTOR
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Advanced Micro                 106,739      -42,974    ...
 Analog Devices                  -2,648      -23,620    ...
 Applied Materials                6,321        2,994  + 111
 Avnet Inc                       11,800       15,400  -  23
 Intel Corp                     188,686      163,876  +  15
 Nat'l Semiconductor              5,900        3,500  +  69
 TOTAL                          316,798      119,176  + 166
                                                                                                       

   -- SOFTWARE/PROCESSING
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 11 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Adobe Systems                   13,143       12,042  +   9
 Autodesk Inc                    16,242       15,583  +   4
 Automatic Data Pro              60,350       53,220  +  13
 Borland Int'l                    7,535        6,834  +  10
 Computer Assoc                  76,172       63,537  +  20
 Computer Sciences               16,145       16,594  -   3
 Lotus Development                5,831      -31,573    ...
 Microsoft Corp                 175,200      112,900  +  55
 Novell Inc                      50,599       32,572  +  55
 Oracle Systems Corp             13,551       -1,267    ...
 Policy Management               13,232       10,002  +  32
 TOTAL                          448,000      290,444  +  54
                                                                                                       

   OTHERS
                                                                                                       

   -- COMMUNICATIONS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 4 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 American Tel  Tel             635,000      809,000  -  22
 Harris Corp                     19,223      -55,811    ...
 Motorola Inc                   126,000      109,000  +  16
 Scientific-Atlanta               2,213        3,337  -  34
 TOTAL                          782,436      865,526  -  10
                                                                                                       

   -- AEROSPACE/DEFENSE
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 11 Firms                          1991         1990    Chg
                                                                                                       

 Boeing Co                      403,000      318,000  +  27
 E-Systems Inc                   29,780       25,629  +  16

 General Dynamics               166,000     -530,000    ...
 Grumman Corp                    24,516       16,719  +  47
 Lockheed Corp                  103,000       99,000  +   4
 Loral Corp                      29,867       20,925  +  43
 Martin Marietta                 44,000       57,200  -  23
 McDonnell Douglas              211,000       -1,000    ...
 Precision Castparts             19,300        8,400  + 130
 Sundstrand Corp                 49,000       33,900  +  45
 TOTAL                        1,095,463       61,773  +1673
                                                                                                       

   -- DIVERSIFIED TECH
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 12 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Corning Inc                     85,600       74,300  +  15
 EGG Inc                        23,748       21,050  +  13
 Litton Indust                   41,519       39,588  +   5
 Minnesota Mng  M              259,000      295,000  -  12
 Perkin-Elmer Corp                9,000        9,700  -   7
 Raytheon                       157,800      143,600  +  10
 Rockwell Int'l                 123,300      141,500  -  13
 Tektronix Inc                    8,060       11,693  -  31
 Texas Instruments              -85,000      -56,000    ...
 TRW Inc                       -231,000       42,000    ...
 United Technolog            -1,224,000      168,800    ...
 Varian Associates                7,600       12,400  -  39
 TOTAL                         -824,373      903,631    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- INDUSTRIAL TECH
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Ametek Inc                      10,418        8,266  +  26
 General Signal                   8,782      -37,733    ...
 Intergraph Corp                 16,515       18,976  -  13
 Millipore Corp                  18,477       -9,466    ...
 Pall Corp                        9,809        8,318  +  18
 TOTAL                           64,001      -11,639    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- MEDICAL/BIO TECH
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Acuson Corp                     15,495       12,909  +  20
 Amgen Inc                       59,961      -27,992    ...
 Pioneer Hi-Bred                -33,327      -37,540    ...
 St Jude Medical                 22,122       15,889  +  39
 Stryker Corp                    10,395        6,140  +  69
 TOTAL                           74,646      -30,594    ...
   ---
   FINANCIAL SERVICES
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990            % CHG.

   3,377,311               1,518,495                + 122
                                                                                                       

   Most large banks posted better-than-expected results,
helped by wider net interest margins -- the difference
between the banks' cost of funds and what they earn from
loans and investments. Also aiding the bottom line were
reduced expenses and a slowdown in loan problems.
   But several West Coast banks continued to suffer from
problem loans stemming from a souring real estate market.
Security Pacific posted a sharply higher loan-loss provision
of $731 million as it prepared for its merger with
BankAmerica, and Wells Fargo set aside a similar amount for
possible loan losses.
   Still, most banks enjoyed the fruits of lower interest
rates, which helped to widen their profit margins, and
decreased operating costs resulting from expense-reduction
efforts. And a slowdown in problem loans led many banks to
set aside less in loan-loss provisions. Chemical Banking took
a $625 million restructuring charge for costs associated with
its merger with Manufacturers Hanover.
   Banks may be hard pressed to hold onto the net interest
profit margins reached last year. But further cost-cutting
and a stronger economy are expected to help boost earnings
for many banks in 1992. The nation's largest bank, Citicorp,
is expected to return to profitability while continuing to
struggle with troubled commercial real estate markets.
   Earnings of some multiline insurers, including Aetna Life
 Casualty and Travelers, continued to be hit by sour real
estate loans. Lincoln National was hurt by losses from the
sale of part of its health insurance business.
   Life insurance companies' earnings were buoyed as the
firms took gains in their bond portfolios resulting from
lower interest rates. Some of the companies had a weak
year-earlier period. Torchmark, for example, showed a large
increase, mainly because the year-earlier earnings were
depressed by a large nonrecurring charge.
   The slump in the property and casualty insurance business
continued during the fourth quarter, leading to slower
earnings growth for many companies. Investment income fell,
mainly because of a drop in premiums to be invested. Some
companies with large automobile and homeowners businesses
were exceptions to the trend, however. Ohio Casualty, for
example, reported a fourth-quarter earnings surge because of
lower claims from automobile accidents.
   Major thrifts generally reported robust quarterly results,
getting a big boost from wide net interest margins and lower
loan-loss provisions.
   Net interest margins are at record levels. For example, at
the nation's largest thrift, H.F. Ahmanson, the spread frose
to 3.27% from 2.71% a year earlier. And because spreads may
not decline much during the first half of 1992, results for
the first and second quarters should be as strong, on a
comparative basis, as 1991's fourth quarter, said Salomon
Brothers analyst Bruce Harting.
   Meanwhile, problem-loan growth appears to have slowed at
most of the thrifts. New nonperforming loans were confined
mainly to home mortgages, which are less costly to dispose of
than commercial property loans.
   ---
   BANKS
                                                                                                       

   -- MONEY-CENTER BANKS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 BankAmerica                    285,000      287,000  -   1
 Bankers Trust NY               137,000      123,000  +  11
 Chemical Banking              -420,000        3,000    ...
 Citicorp                      -133,000     -382,000    ...
 First Chicago                  -15,100       57,100    ...
 Morgan (J P) Co                269,000      191,000  +  41
 TOTAL                          122,900      279,100  -  56
                                                                                                       

   -- CENTRAL-STATES BANKS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 14 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Banc One Corp                  144,300      108,523  +  33
 Boatmen's Bancsh                38,799       34,986  +  11
 Comerica Inc                    41,930       32,486  +  29
 Fifth Third Banc                36,830       32,010  +  15
 First Bank System               54,200       36,900  +  47
 Huntington Bancsh               31,737       27,373  +  16
 Manufacturers N                 32,194       29,988  +   7
 Michigan Nat'l                  18,601        2,637  + 605
 National City Corp              63,377       36,424  +  74
 NBD Bancorp                     77,454       72,891  +   6
 Northern Trust                  33,100       30,600  +   8
 Norwest Corp                   108,900      -27,800    ...
 Society Corp                    35,478       37,651  -   6
 Star Banc Corp                  17,411       15,750  +  11
 TOTAL                          734,311      470,419  +  56
                                                                                                       

   -- EASTERN BANKS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 17 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Bank of Boston                  93,500     -186,700    ...
 Bank of New York                65,913       65,035  +   1
 BayBanks Inc                     6,467      -32,190    ...
 CoreStates Fin'l                60,694      -72,730    ...
 First Fidelity                  57,828       53,055  +   9
 Fleet/Norstar Fn                35,240      -58,854    ...
 KeyCorp                         53,101       37,732  +  41
 Mellon Bank Corp                72,000      -99,000    ...
 Meridian Bancorp                24,192       18,571  +  30
 Midlantic Corp                 -81,253      -12,597    ...
 MNC Financial Inc              -82,419     -197,634    ...
 PNC Financial Corp             100,552     -168,345    ...
 Republic New York               58,227       49,452  +  18

 State Street Boston             28,227       31,320  -  10
 UJB Financial Corp               8,761      -16,880    ...
 Wilmington Trust                19,206       18,838  +   2
 TOTAL                          522,636     -786,627    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- SOUTHERN BANKS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 10 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 AmSouth Bancorp                 21,424       17,963  +  19
 Barnett Banks Inc               39,300      -23,000    ...
 Crestar Financial                7,300          900  + 711
 Dominion Bankshrs                4,739      -28,833    ...
 First Alabama Banc              19,784       17,614  +  12
 First Union Corp                88,925       55,478  +  60
 NationsBank                   -243,840       38,325    ...
 Signet Banking Corp            -51,692        6,820    ...
 SunTrust Banks                  95,500       85,800  +  11
 Wachovia Corp                  -40,569       84,427    ...
 TOTAL                          -59,129      255,494    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- WESTERN BANKS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Bancorp Hawaii                  30,066       25,341  +  19
 First Hawaiian Inc              21,210       19,705  +   8
 First Interstate               -59,967       91,048    ...
 Security Pacific              -409,200     -357,600    ...
 U S Bancorp                     53,500       46,900  +  14
 Wells Fargo  Co              -231,000      157,000    ...
 Zions Bancorp                    7,994        7,715  +   4
 TOTAL                         -587,397       -9,891    ...
                                                                                                       

   INSURANCE
                                                                                                       

   -- FULL LINE
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Aetna Life  Cas                93,000      141,900  -  34
 Aon Corp                        58,800       53,300  +  10
 Cigna Corp                     108,000      119,000  -   9
 Kemper Corp                     43,900       46,700  -   6
 Lincoln National                16,010       59,110  -  73
 Travelers Corp                  69,000      127,600  -  46
 Unitrin Inc                     45,000       44,700  +   1
 TOTAL                          433,710      592,310  -  27
                                                                                                       

   -- LIFE
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg

 AFLAC Inc                       41,643       33,462  +  24
 American General               119,431      105,419  +  13
 Capital Holding                 66,647       59,801  +  11
 Jefferson-Pilot                 48,081       42,121  +  14
 Provident Life  A              24,300       50,000  -  51
 Torchmark Corp                  63,400       47,200  +  34
 UNUM Corp                       49,600       45,100  +  10
 TOTAL                          413,102      383,103  +   8
                                                                                                       

   -- PROPERTY/CASUALTY
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 11 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Chubb Corp                     139,300      154,900  -  10
 Cincinnati Fin'l                29,900       31,300  -   4
 Continental Corp               -19,300       53,100    ...
 General Re Corp                184,200      155,500  +  18
 Hartford Steam Blr              15,049       19,356  -  22
 Loews Corp                     272,281      116,828  + 133
 Ohio Casualty Corp              25,836       14,717  +  76
 Progressive Cp Ohio            -13,700       11,100    ...
 Safeco Corp                     84,764       92,728  -   9
 St Paul Cos                    109,432       93,357  +  17
 USF  G                        -40,000     -610,000    ...
 TOTAL                          787,762      132,886  + 493
                                                                                                       

   OTHERS
                                                                                                       

   -- SAVINGS  LOANS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Ahmanson (H F)                  64,010          475 +13376
 CalFed Inc                     -83,600     -130,500    ...
 Glenfed Inc                     20,453     -113,670    ...
 Golden West Fin'l               63,553       42,139  +  51
 Great Western Fin               71,470      -62,290    ...
 TOTAL                          135,886     -263,846    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- REAL ESTATE INVEST
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 3 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 First Union R E                  4,743        4,990  -   5
 Newhall Land  Farm             16,370       10,206  +  60
 Rockefeller Center               9,534        9,380  +   2
 TOTAL                           30,647       24,576  +  25
                                                                                                       

   -- DIV FINANCIAL SERV
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       


 American Express               237,400      137,900  +  72
 Beneficial Corp                 38,400       32,300  +  19
 Dreyfus Corp                    19,375       12,131  +  60
 Household Int'l                -33,900       72,800    ...
 Marsh  McLennan                54,200       54,500  -   1
 Primerica Corp                 132,100       98,800  +  34
 TOTAL                          412,375      428,431  -   4
                                                                                                       

   -- SECURITIES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 7 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Bear Stearns Cos                77,421       16,859  + 359
 Edwards (A G) Inc               27,151       12,357  + 120
 Merrill Lynch  Co             170,683       30,331  + 463
 Morgan Stanley Gr              132,331       58,268  + 127
 PaineWebber Group               46,972      -92,346    ...
 Quick  Reilly                   4,950        2,071  + 139
 Salomon Inc                    -29,000      -15,000    ...
 TOTAL                          430,508       12,540  +3333
   ---
   UTILITIES
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990            % CHG.
                                                                                                       

   3,311,977               4,403,573                 - 25
                                                                                                       

   The Baby Bell telephone companies, hurt by the recession
and one-time charges, capped a bleak year with signs of
improvement in the fourth quarter.
   Many of the Bells took substantial charges tied to
aggressive plans to cut their work forces and to withdraw
from the real estate business. U S West took a $590 million
charge for restructuring and a $40 million charge related to
a new regulation plan in Oregon. Nynex had a charge of $550
million for costs of a major work-force reduction and for
business restructuring.
   MCI Communications held its own in a tough economy. But
revenue growth from the third to the fourth quarter was flat
with no improvement in operating margins of 12.8%, indicating
increased sales expenses. Analysts believe growth of United
Telecommunications' Sprint unit has stalled, and Chairman
William T. Esrey said that "increasing sales and marketing
expenditures, along with the anticipated decline from strong
fourth-quarter data systems sales, will reduce Sprint's
first-quarter 1992 operating results."
   ---
   -- TELEPHONE
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 15 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Alltel Corp                     48,575       55,735  -  13
 Bell Atlantic Corp             266,300      236,000  +  13
 BellSouth Corp                 386,900      360,200  +   7

 Cincinnati Bell                 16,319       25,315  -  36
 GTE Corp                       515,000      467,000  +  10
 McCaw Cellular                -125,300     -148,800    ...
 MCI Communicat                 144,000      127,000  +  13
 Metro Mobile CTS               -19,481      -16,969    ...
 Nynex Corp                    -251,300       60,700    ...
 Pacific Telesis Grp            158,000      196,000  -  19
 Southern N E Tel                31,400       35,700  -  12
 Southwestern Bell              316,200      267,500  +  18
 U S West Inc                  -278,400      348,000    ...
 United Telecom                  98,100       70,800  +  39
 TOTAL                        1,330,739    2,098,452  -  37
                                                                                                       

   -- ELECTRIC
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 42 Firms                         1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Allegheny Power                 45,472       46,966  -   3
 American Elec Pwr              115,028      110,178  +   4
 Baltimore G  E                 16,708         -508    ...
 Carolina Pwr  Lt               59,140       26,837  + 120
 Centerior Energy                54,701       59,280  -   8
 Central  So West               57,000       43,000  +  33
 Cincinnati G  E                28,491       59,327  -  52
 Cipsco                           9,015       10,299  -  12
 Commonwealth Ed               -429,615       85,584    ...
 Consolidated Ed                 92,197      121,097  -  24
 Detroit Edison                 135,936      111,003  +  22
 Dominion Resources              84,900       73,000  +  16
 DPL Inc                         16,040       31,546  -  49
 Duke Power                     100,023       80,442  +  24
 Florida Progress                24,500       33,900  -  28
 FPL Group Inc                   42,363       41,407  +   2
 General Public Ut               -3,870       46,499    ...
 Illinois Power                  17,212     -149,795    ...
 Ipalco Enterp                   20,480       17,943  +  14
 Kansas City P  L                7,699       14,534  -  47
 Montana Power Co                38,490       39,965  -   4
 New England El Sy               42,429       32,686  +  30
 Niagara Mohawk Pwr              35,111     -104,807    ...
 Nipsco Indust                   41,669       40,191  +   4
 Northeast Utilities             49,839       38,324  +  30
 Northern States Pwr             37,100       32,800  +  13
 Ohio Edison                     57,153       32,762  +  74
 Oklahoma Gas  El               12,260       20,337  -  40
 Pacific Gas  Elec             246,889      216,364  +  14
 PacifiCorp                     164,600      137,600  +  20
 Pennsylvania P  L              84,706       86,602  -   2
 Philadelphia Elec               92,394       41,408  + 123
 Potomac Electric                27,543       19,462  +  42
 Public Service Colo             58,048       39,408  +  47
 Public Service Ent              89,749      117,428  -  24
 Puget Sound P  L               29,597       36,803  -  20
 San Diego G  E                 47,607       48,039  -   1
 SCEcorp                        114,952      182,356  -  37

 Teco Energy                     31,900       28,200  +  13
 Union Electric                  14,333       16,079  -  11
 Wisconsin Energy                48,176       46,365  +   4
 TOTAL                        2,054,589    2,097,856  -   2
                                                                                                       

   -- GAS
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 6 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Arkla Inc                       11,965       33,175  -  64
 Nicor Inc                       37,600       39,100  -   4
 Oneok Inc                        5,607        4,928  +  14
 Pacific Enterprise            -191,000       54,000    ...
 Peoples Energy                  30,793       27,165  +  13
 Questar Corp                    20,360       22,262  -   9
 TOTAL                          -84,675      180,630    ...
                                                                                                       

   -- WATER
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 American Water Wks              12,291       16,121  -  24
 Aquarion Co                    -12,732        1,819    ...
 California Water                 6,839        3,342  + 105
 Consumers Water                  1,039       -2,997    ...
 United Water Res                 3,887        8,350  -  53
 TOTAL                           11,324       26,635  -  57
   ---
   CONGLOMERATES
                                                                                                       

   4TH QTR. 1991           4TH QTR. 1990            % CHG.
                                                                                                       

   1,421,378               1,430,233                 -  1
                                                                                                       

   General Electric's strong performance in financial
services, led by securities firm Kidder Peabody, was offset
by sharply lower results from the company's NBC unit. Dial
had charges of $150 million for restructuring and for costs
of a spinoff of financial-services businesses. Teledyne had a
$35 million nonrecurring charge in the year-earlier quarter.
ITT was helped by $79 million in investment gains from its
financial-services unit's portfolios, and the year-earlier
quarter included more than $200 million in charges and
provisions.
   ---
   -- CONGLOMERATES
                                                                                                       

                                4th Qtr.     4th Qtr.    %
 5 Firms                          1991         1990     Chg
                                                                                                       

 Dial Corp                     -148,022       28,333    ...
 General Electric             1,263,000    1,239,000  +   2
 ITT Corp                       195,000       84,000  + 132
 Teledyne Inc                    28,100          800  +3413

 TOTAL                        1,421,378    1,430,233  -   1