AnnTaylor Stores
   Says Loss Widened
   In Fourth Quarter
Revenue increased 3% to $111.5 million from $108.2
million. But sales at company-owned stores open at least one
year, a key indicator, were down 3.3% in the quarter.
   AnnTaylor closed at $21.50, down 50 cents, in New York
Stock Exchange composite trading.
   "The losses come from clearance markdowns of goods that
didn't sell, as well as severance pay to Joseph Brooks, the
former chairman, and some of his staff," said Jeffrey
Edelman, a retail industry analyst at C.J. Lawrence Inc. "The
results were worse than I expected as recently as two months
ago."
   Mr. Edelman noted, however, that the fourth quarter is not
traditionally a big quarter for AnnTaylor because the chain
caters primarily to career women. "Spring and fall are more
important to them," he said.
   A company spokeswoman said AnnTaylor took a $2.6 million
charge in the fourth quarter on a pretax basis to cover the
contract buy-out of Mr. Brooks and severance benefits for
about 20 former executives.
   For the year, AnnTaylor had a loss of $15.8 million, or 82
cents a share, compared with fiscal 1991 net income of $1.1
million, or eight cents a share. The full-year loss included
an extraordinary charge of $16.8 million related to the
buy-back of debt securities. Average shares increased to 19.3
million from 14.2 million. Revenue rose 6.6% to $437.7
million from $410.8 million. Same-store sales at
company-owned stores were down 0.9%.