Banks Required
   To Pass On Funds'
   Proxy Materials
   ----
   By Sandra Block
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
SEC officials said the National Association of Securities
Dealers requires most brokerage firms to send all proxy
materials, including those involving mutual funds, to their
customers. But banks, which also hold securities on behalf of
their customers, aren't subject to those rules, agency
officials said.
   The SEC doesn't know how many banks failed to deliver
proxies to mutual fund shareholders, but several funds
surveyed by the agency a few years ago said they found "a
pattern of shares being held in nominee name not being
voted," said Robert Plaze, assistant director of the SEC's
investment management division.
   In recent years, mutual funds often have been unable to
obtain a quorum for proxy votes, Mr. Plaze said. Under SEC
rules, a fund that can't obtain a quorum for a vote must
conduct another proxy solicitation, which can be expensive.
Mutual funds agreed to support the rule change "because it
would help them reach a quorum," Mr. Plaze said.
   At the SEC's request, Congress adopted legislation last
year giving the SEC authority to require banks and brokerage
firms to deliver proxy materials to mutual fund shareholders
who hold shares in nominee accounts. The change will apply to
the coming proxy season, SEC officials said.
   SEC officials said many banks already have taken steps to
improve proxy delivery for mutual fund shareholders, so they
don't expect any sharp changes as a result of the new rule.