Who's News:
   Blockbuster's Beck
   Quits Post to Join
   A Restaurant Chain
The growing corporate environment at Blockbuster made Mr.
Beck, 33 years old, eager to move on to more entrepreneurial
ventures, said industry analysts and consultants. Blockbuster
"is increasingly trying to make this company look like a
retailer," said Bob Alexander, a New York-based industry
consultant. The resignation of Mr. Beck, who is regarded as a
successful entrepreneur, "is the most recent and most visible
shift in that direction."
   Added Gary M. Jacobson, a senior vice president with
Kidder Peabody, "Day-to-day management didn't do it for him."
   Mr. Beck, one of the largest holders of Blockbuster stock,
couldn't be reached for comment. According to the company's
May 1991 proxy statement, he held 3.9 million shares, or 2.6%
of Blockbuster's common.
   In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday,
Blockbuster closed at $13.875, up 25 cents, on heavy volume.
   According to several video industry managers familiar with
his plans, Mr. Beck will become an investor in Boston Chicken
Inc., a chain of 37 restaurants operating primarily in the
New England area. The chain, which was founded in 1985,
specializes in rotisserie chicken and plans to grow
nationally through franchising.
   Mr. Beck is expected to use his expertise in franchising,
and his extensive contacts among Blockbuster franchisees, to
help Boston Chicken expand. A Boston Chicken spokesman
wouldn't comment on Mr. Beck's involvement with the company,
saying that an announcement will be made next week.