Monarch Machine's
   Chief Says Business
   Is Starting to Pick Up
An order upturn can't come too soon for the maker of
lathes, machining centers and equipment for processing coils
of sheet steel and aluminum. The backlog of orders for lathes
and machining centers has been reduced to bare bones, and the
company needs new bookings to keep production running
smoothly, he said.
   Monarch will earn a profit this year, Mr. Siewert said,
although the company probably will only break even at best
for the first quarter. Results for this quarter and the
second period will depend on how quickly inquiries turn into
orders for lathes and machining centers, and how many
bookings are for standard machines that can be shipped
quickly.
   Mr. Siewert expects this to be a year of rebuilding
machine tool order backlog and gradually restoring production
to higher levels. "Next year will be the year of good
profits," he said.
   Monarch in 1991 earned $1.1 million, or 30 cents a share,
on revenue of $106.6 million. Most of that profit, 28 cents a
share, came in the fourth quarter. The company had a loss of
22 cents a share in the 1990 final quarter because of a
write-down of obsolete and slow-moving inventory, reducing
net for all of 1990 to $360,434, or nine cents a share. Sales
in 1990 were $116.3 million.
   It is too early to say for certain that the machine tool
order slump has ended, Mr. Siewert said, "but the climate is
dramatically different from a year ago. I'm confident that
things are going to break loose soon."