Judge Turns Down
   MCorp's Proposal
   On Reorganization
   ----
   By Michael Allen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The ruling marks a serious defeat for MCorp, which had
hoped to emerge from bankruptcy-court proceedings by last
month, 2 1/2 years after regulators declared most of its
banking units insolvent. The plan, which would erase about $2
billion in debt, calls for MCorp to liquidate its remaining
assets, including any damages it might recover in a lawsuit
it has won against banking regulators.
   David Luther, an attorney for the company, said the judge
appeared to be taking exception mostly to "technicalities,"
adding that MCorp is considering an appeal, among other
options. "I think this is a setback not only for the debtors
but for 95-plus percent of creditors," who approved the plan,
he said.
   Judge Clark criticized the way votes were counted, noting,
for example, that it wasn't clear whether a majority of
holders of certain European-issued bearer bonds had approved
the plan, because they were held anonymously.
   She also sharply questioned methods used by Ernst & Young
to appraise several MCorp real estate holdings, finding that
comparable properties had much higher values in some cases.
Officials of the Dallas office of the accounting firm
couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
   Finally, Judge Clark found that MCorp failed to show
adequate cause for confirming the plan over the objections of
American Express Co.'s Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings
Inc., which owns a large portion of its money-market
cumulative preferred stock.