Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Plummet 47.18 Points,
   Setting Off Talk of a Correction
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Stock prices waffled until shortly before 3 p.m. EST, when
they followed a fast erosion of U.S. Treasury bond prices
triggered by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's
suggestion that short-term interest rates probably wouldn't
need to be cut further to stimulate the economy.
   In his confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking
Committee, Mr. Greenspan defended the Fed's gradualist
approach to easing, explaining that another slashing of
short-term rates would spark inflation fears and drive
long-term rates higher.
   But when prices of bonds with short maturities fell in
reaction to Mr. Greenspan's comments, pushing short-term
rates up, fears that interest rates could rise again sapped
strength from a stock market that many traders already were
describing as overvalued.
   Stock investors are afraid that "an economic recovery
would change the bias of the Fed toward tightening money
supply rather than easing it," said David Shulman, chief
strategist at Salomon Brothers. "This just shows how
vulnerable the stock market is to an economic recovery. The
market has had a big run-up and is ready to pull back some
more" than it did yesterday.
   Some traders agreed that yesterday's action looked like
the first steps of a "healthy" correction. In recent
sessions, they noted, market indexes such as the Dow Jones
industrials have moved higher only because of positive
earnings surprises in a few key stocks, not because of any
broader buying.
   "From my experience, it's not a healthy sign to see the
market driven up by a narrow bunch of stocks," said Joe
deMarco, a trader at Marinvest, a unit of Hongkong  Shanghai
Bank. To keep a market rallying, he said, "you need all the
troops marching to the same tune."
   Many of the stocks that would seem to require a sustained
economic turnaround to do well led the market down yesterday.
They are broadly considered to be among the stocks that
became the most overvalued in the rally.
   Automobile manufacturers dropped: General Motors fell 1
5/8 to 32 3/4, Ford lost 1 5/8 to 31 1/4, and Chrysler
slipped 5/8 to 14 1/2.
   Steelmakers also slid. Bethlehem Steel fell 2 1/4 to 13
3/4, and USX-U.S. Steel fell 1 5/8 to 25 1/8. Stock in
chemical companies were similarly crushed. Dow Chemical
dropped 1 1/4 to 53, and Monsanto fell 1 1/8 to 64 3/8.
   Stocks sensitive to interest rates were also among the
losing issues. In financial stocks, Federal National Mortgage
Associ ation lost 1 to 66 1/8, and J.P. Morgan dropped 5/8 to
62. Utilities, which borrow heavily, also dropped:
Consolidated Natu ral Gas dropped 1 to 35 3/4, Niagara Mo
hawk fell 3/8 to 18, and Public Service Elec tric  Gas lost
5/8 to 27 7/8.
   Compared with Mr. Greenspan's comments, President Bush's
State of the Union address Tuesday night was almost a
nonevent in the stock market. Shares of homebuilding
companies, which had jumped in anticipation of his proposed
home-buyer incentives, continued to climb but with less
energy: Kaufman  Broad Home gained 1/2 to 21 1/2, and Ryland
Group added 3/8 to 27 7/8.
   Among the few stocks that may have been affected by the
president's speech were defense issues. Lockheed dropped 1
3/4 to 40, General Dynamics slipped 5/8 to 56 5/8, and Boeing
fell 3 to 50 5/8. The aerospace and defense contractor
reported fourth-quarter earnings of $1.17 a share, compared
with expectations of $1.11 a share from 14 analysts surveyed
by First Call, a unit of Thompson Financial Networks.
   Kellogg fell 2 3/4 to 55 1/2 on volume of 1.9 million
shares, compared with a daily average of 331,300. Kenneth
Heebner, a money manager at Capital Growth Management known
for his all-or-nothing investing style, was said to have been
dumping shares of the cereal maker. Mr. Heebner held more
than one million Kellogg shares as of Sept. 30. Neither Mr.
Heebner nor Kellogg officials were available for comment.
   Enron lost 7/8 to 31 5/8. The natural gas pipeline system
reported fourth-quarter earnings of 58 cents a share,
compared with 61 cents a share projected in a First Call
survey of seven analysts.
   Inco slipped 7/8 to 31 3/8. The nickel and copper producer
had a fourth-quarter loss of seven cents a share, rather than
the eight cents a share profit projected in a First Call
survey of nine analysts. The company said its loss was due
largely to lower realized costs for nickel, copper and
precious metals as well as severance costs of $24.4 million
associated with early retirement programs in its Sudbury,
Ontario, facility.
   IVAX fell 1 3/8 to 36 5/8, giving up some of the gains it
scored Tuesday when the maker of pharmaceuticals and medical
diagnostic equipment said its Norton Healthcare unit had
acquired rights to market three drugs in the United Kingdom
and Ireland.
   American Stock Exchange volume totaled 20,797,000 shares,
compared with 19,236,000 Tuesday. There were 268 issues
advancing, 366 declining and 225 unchanged.