Economy:
   Labor Data Give
   Strongest Signal
   Yet of Recovery
   ---
   Firms Added 164,000 People
   To Payrolls in February,
   But Joblessness Hit 7.3%
   ----
   By David Wessel
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The report may overstate the economy's strength, but
economists and financial markets quickly concluded it was
positive. "A convincingly good sign," said economist Michael
Niemira of Mitsubishi Bank. The report followed similarly
encouraging statistics last week from the manufacturing,
retail and housing industries.
   Nevertheless, the unemployment rate rose in February to
7.3% of the work force, the highest level since July 1985, as
the ranks of the unemployed increased by 315,000 to 9.2
million, according to the Labor Department's separate survey
of households. Economists played down the significance of
this figure, but Democratic politicians seized on it as
evidence that hard times continue.
   The new data dashed any lingering hope that the Federal
Reserve will cut interest rates again soon. Both short-term
and long-term interest rates rose sharply after the figures
were released, although they fell later in the day.
   Even before the report was out, Fed officials were
signaling that they intend to sit tight for a while. The
president of the Kansas City, Mo., Federal Reserve Bank, for
instance, said late last week that incoming data had
convinced him that recovery was at hand. "It would take some
pretty consistently negative numbers to cause me, at least,
to change my mind," said Thomas Hoenig, among the five Fed
bank presidents who currently vote on monetary policy.
   Several figures watched particularly closely by Fed
Chairman Alan Greenspan turned up in February. The average
factory workweek grew by 18 minutes to 41.1 hours; when
business picks up, employers often rely on additional
overtime before hiring new workers. Overall hours worked by
production and non-supervisory workers grew by 1.5% in
February; in factories, it grew by 0.9%, foreshadowing an
increase in the Fed's industrial-production index to be
released later in the month.
   At the same time, those Fed officials who track the money
supply closely are encouraged that it is finally growing at a
healthy pace again, another reason to hold off on any further
interest rate cuts. Other Fed officials are very wary about
cutting interest rates while Congress is flirting with tax
cuts, long-term interest rates are rising and President
Bush's re-election campaign is moving into high gear.
   The 164,000 increase in payrolls in February reflected an
unusually sharp rise of 133,000 jobs in retailing that many
economists said was misleading. Retail employment declined
63,000 in January. Economists said retail hiring isn't
following the usual seasonal patterns, leading the
government's seasonal-adjustment formulas to overstate it in
February and understate it in January.
   Still, William Barron, the Labor Department's deputy
commissioner of labor statistics, said the data "do suggest
some improvement in retail trade," which currently employs
more people than the nation's manufacturers. Half of all
teen-agers usually find jobs in retailing, Mr. Barron said,
and cutbacks in retail payrolls have hit them particularly
hard. One in every five teen-agers who wants to work is
unable to find a job. Retail employment remains 415,000 below
the pre-recession level of July 1990.
   Factory payrolls didn't change much in February, rising an
insignificant 12,000 jobs, after declining for five months.
Some 30,000 auto workers were recalled from layoffs. The
construction industry, however, lost another 30,000 jobs,
partly because of bad weather in some regions. "Despite
encouraging increases in new home sales and building
activity," Mr. Barron said, "employment in construction
hasn't yet begun to show increases."
   The February increase may be substantially revised.
Indeed, the Labor Department initially said payrolls fell by
91,000 in January; it now says they were down 149,000, a
revision that tempered some analysts' enthusiasm about the
February report.
   The rise in the unemployment rate to 7.3% from 7.1% in
January partly reflects recent increases in the labor force,
which consists of people working or looking for work. After a
long period of very slow growth, the labor force has expanded
by nearly one million over the past three months. Many of the
new or returning workers seem to be finding jobs at the same
time as others are losing them, the Labor Department's survey
of households suggests.
   Democratic politicians focused exclusively on the increase
in the jobless rate. Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D., Texas) said it
"sends a pessimistic signal likely to overpower other, more
hopeful signs of recovery we've seen in recent days." And
Sen. Paul Sarbanes (D., Md.) said the figures "refute those
who have been asserting that this recession is coming to an
end."
   But President Bush's chief economist, Michael Boskin, said
"the unemployment rate usually doesn't turn down until a few
months after the economy really picks up." He added, "We want
to get the economy growing rapidly enough so that enough jobs
get created so the unemployment rate comes down."
   With only sluggish growth anticipated in the coming
months, some economists say the jobless rate could climb even
further. It's now at 9% in Michigan, 8.6% in Florida and 8.5%
in Illinois, all of which hold important presidential
primaries this month.
   Average hourly wages of production and other
non-supervisory workers grew by 0.3% in February to $10.50.
Over the past year, they have risen 2.9%, roughly the same as
the increase in the consumer price index. All the figures are
seasonally adjusted.
   ---
                        EMPLOYMENT
                                                                                                       

   Here are excerpts from the Labor Department's employment
report. The figures are seasonally adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                                        Feb.       Jan.
                                        1992       1992
                                     (millions of persons)
                                                                                                       

 Civilian labor force ...........       126.3     126.0
   Civilian employment ..........       117.0     117.1
   Unemployment .................         9.2       8.9
                                                                                                       

 Payroll employment .............       108.9     108.7
                                                                                                       

 Unemployment:                     (percent of labor force)
                                                                                                       

 All civilian workers ...........         7.3       7.1
   Adult men ....................         7.0       6.9
   Adult women ..................         6.1       5.9
   Teen-agers ...................        20.0      18.3
   White ........................         6.5       6.2
   Black ........................        13.8      13.7
   Black teen-agers .............        39.0      35.8
   Hispanic .....................        11.6      11.3
                                                                                                       

 Average weekly hours:                  (hours of work)

 Total private nonfarm ..........        34.7      34.3
   Manufacturing ................        41.1      40.8
   Factory overtime .............         3.8       3.6