Pentagon Seeks to Cut Materials Stockpile
   Through Sales and Curtailed Purchasing
   ----
   By Bob Davis
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Earlier this month, Defense Secretary Dick Cheney
testified before the Senate budget committee that he
considered $7 billion of the commodities as "excess." But he
didn't specify which materials the Pentagon would sell. Later
this week, the Pentagon is expected to release a report that
sets a stockpile goal of $2 billion or less. The Pentagon
already had reduced its goal by 40% to $5.6 billion last
summer. But now the military plans a far steeper reduction as
it re-evaluates its role in the post Cold-War era and
searches for new sources of funds.
   As a first step, the Pentagon is asking Congress to impose
a moratorium on stockpile purchases as it decides what
military threats the U.S. is likely to face in the future.
Under current law, which military planners deride as
outmoded, the Pentagon must plan for a world war that would
last three years. Under one alternative war scenario the
Pentagon is considering, stockpile purchases would total only
$174 million over the next five years. Of that, $98 million
would go to buy tantalum, a material used in high-tech alloys
and electronics.
   The stockpile is a collection of 91 items that are
supposed to be so scarce and militarily valuable that they
need to be warehoused in case of war. But critics argue that
the war chest has become a national attic, stuffed with few
valuables -- and a lot of junk. It includes big hordes of
asbestos, mercury and radioactive thorium, all environmental
hazards. Many materials in the stockpile that are usually
considered valuable, such as chromium and cobalt, are of such
poor quality that they can't be used to make the
high-strength alloys the military needs.
   Nevertheless, the stockpile has been protected in
Congress, largely by Rep. Charles Bennett, (D., Fla.), a
World War II hero, who recalls when the U.S. faced shortages
of war material and wants to make sure that won't happen
again. As a sweetener to get the plan through Congress, the
Pentagon is proposing that the stockpile funds pay for $125
million in materials research over five years. The bulk of
the proceeds from the sales of stockpiled materials would be
earmarked to clean up environmental hazards made by the
military -- a popular cause in Congress.
   Over the next five years, beginning Oct. 1, the Pentagon
wants to sell 63,000 tons of aluminum, valued at $64 million;
495,000 tons of ferrochromium, valued at $260 million; 9.7
million pounds of cobalt, valued at $159 million; 440,000
tons of ferromanganese, valued at $218 million; 32,000 tons
of nickel, valued at $204 million; 60 million troy ounces of
silver, valued at $242 million; 60,000 metric tons of tin,
valued at $216 million; and 329,000 tons of zinc, valued at
$264 million. A metric ton equals 2,204 pounds.
   The stockpile now has about 4.3 million tons of aluminum;
1.1 million tons of ferrochromium; 52.8 million pounds of
cobalt; one million tons of ferromanganese; 37,000 tons of
nickel; 85 million troy ounces of silver; 168,000 metric tons
of tin; and 379,000 tons of zinc.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   THE NATIONAL DEFENSE STOCKPILE holds aluminum and
metal-grade bauxite equal to about 4.3 million tons of
aluminum. Yesterday's edition gave that figure as the amount
of aluminum.
   (WSJ Feb. 26, 1992)