Munich Re May Cut
   Its Insurance Role
   In the Space Industry
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The Munich-based reinsurer, whose full name is Muenchener
Rueckversicherungs Gesellschaft, said the space industry pays
about 520 million marks ($319 million) a year in premiums.
Munich Re said it controls a leading 15% to 20% of the world
market for space insurance.
   The company is 25%-owned by Europe's largest insurance
group, Allianz AG. Other large shareholders in Munich Re
include Deutsche Bank AG, with 10%, and Commercial Union
Assurance Co. of the U.K., with 5%.
   A Munich Re spokesman said the company intends to continue
to do business as a space industry reinsurer, though its
volume and market share could fall. He said the company
simply plans to be more selective in taking risks in the
sector.
   The company pointed out that though space accidents are
relatively uncommon, the cost of the damage incurred in such
cases is substantial, given the high cost of technology and
operating in the space industry. Insurers also must engage
expensive specialists in the sector, it said.
   "A single total-damage claim can easily wipe out the bulk
of premium income of a full year," Munich Re said. It added
that by 1989, the excess of premium income over claim payouts
had plunged to a margin of 9% from 263% in 1984 for the
industry as a whole.