Technology  Health:
   Condom for Women
   To Be Sold in Europe;
   FDA Review Is Set
"We are 100% in favor," said Karen Pataky of Planned
Parenthood in Washington.
   "Many heterosexual men don't like using condoms and the
bottom line is that if they don't want to use one they won't
use one," she said. "Female condoms would give women another
option."
   The vaginal condom is a large, lubricated, polyurethane
adaptation of the male version. It is about seven inches
long, has flexible rings at both ends and is inserted like a
diaphragm. The inner ring fits behind the pubic bone and the
outer ring remains outside the body.
   Unlike the diaphragm, which only stops sperm from passing
the cervix, the female condom also protects the entire vagina
and labia from contact with HIV, the AIDS virus.
   Its Swiss distributors, UhlmannEyraud, said it would sell
for about four times the cost of the standard male condom.
   An advisory committee of the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration is scheduled to meet on Jan. 31 to decide
whether to recommend that the female condom be given FDA
approval for U.S. distribution.
   Mary-Ann Leeper of Wisconsin Pharmacal Co., the U.S.
company that would manufacture and market the product in
North America under the brand name Reality, says 75% of women
surveyed were happy with the condom.
   The concept was developed by a Danish gynecologist, who
was working on problems of infertility, said Patrick Rowe of
the World Health Organization.
   Dr. Rowe said sexually transmitted diseases cause 65% of
female infertility in sub-Saharan Africa and 25% in developed
countries. He said WHO became interested in the female condom
as a way of preventing such diseases, particularly AIDS.