British Air Launches
   Frequent-Flier Plan
   For U.S. Customers
But with major U.S. airlines, such as AMR Corp.'s American
Airlines and UAL Corp.'s United Airlines, providing their own
trans-Atlantic service, those agreements have lost their
value.
   Now, with its own frequent-flier program for US customers,
British Airways said it will no longer allow American or
United frequent-flier club members to use their awards on
British Airways flights. The association with American will
end March 31; with United, it will end May 31, British
Airways said.
   However, British Airways said it has reached a pact with
American Airlines to allow British Airways frequent fliers to
redeem miles for flights in the U.S. on American.
Additionally, British Airways said it will continue to
participate with other U.S. carriers that don't compete in
the trans-Atlantic market, such as USAir and Alaska Airlines.
   Among the highlights of the new British Airways program
are a 10,000 mile bonus awarded for the first flight taken
under the plan. Also, the plan will include "household"
accounts, which allow as many as four family members to pool
their mileage together to receive awards. In comparison,
neither United nor American offer first-time bonus miles or
pool accounts. Delta Air Lines, however, offers a first-time
bonus of 5,000 miles.