Technology  Medicine:
   W.R. Grace Unit
   Acquires Patents
   On Cow `Cloning'
   ----
   By James P. Miller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
American Breeders and Granada are the two most prominent
players among the handful of companies involved in cow
cloning.
   That cloning technology has been proven to work, but isn't
yet commercially feasible. A central element in the technique
involves what is known as "nuclear transplantation."
   In that procedure, scientists remove an embryo from a cow,
days after fertilization has taken place. Each of the
embryo's 30 to 40 cells are transferred to "surrogate eggs,"
that replicate the genetic material from the specially chosen
parents. In theory, hundreds of carbon-copy cows could be
produced, by splitting and transferring the surrogate eggs.
An American Breeders official said the company has produced
"between 40 and 50" cows in this manner, but noted that the
success rate of such procedures remains too low to be
commercially viable. It will be "two or three years," he
said, before the technology is ready for market.
   The aim of the procedure is to repeatedly duplicate a cow
genetically favored with a high milk yield or disease
resistance. While American Breeders currently focuses on
dairy herds, the technology could also be applied to create
identical beef cattle that are easier to process and have the
maximum amount of the cuts consumers seek.
   The purchase of its competitor's patents should give
American Breeders "an advantage as it enters the cloned
bovine embryo market," the company said. It noted that the
transaction puts to rest any potential disputes over possibly
overlapping patents held by the competitors. That may in turn
eliminate "an element of uncertainty" for customers and
"promote the rapid commercialization of cloning in the dairy
industry," Grace said.