Marketing  Media:
   Los Angeles Times
   Will Begin Printing
   East Coast Edition
   ----
   By Frederick Rose
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Although presented as a cost-saving measure, the plan to
print in the East contains a measure of both ego and
experimentation, analysts said. "The efficiencies that they
get out of this would have to be pretty extraordinary to have
it make economic sense," said Lanny Baker, an analyst at
Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Plans call for the printing of two 12-page sections Monday
through Friday. Only the back page of each section will carry
advertising. Comics, stock tables and sports scores will not
appear. But much of the paper's other national and
international news and features will be repackaged and
printed, Ms. Morgan said.
   Of the tiny print run, about 400 copies will continue to
be distributed free on Capitol Hill and elsewhere in
Washington, Ms. Morgan said. The remaining 1,600 are for paid
circulation. The price will be 75 cents.
   With its toe in the water in the East, the paper may seek
to expand its presence but won't be making a major drive, the
spokeswoman said. "If more people buy it, we'll make copies
available," she said, but she added, "We are not launching a
special edition with the intention of going after additional
markets in the East."
   The Los Angeles Times, published by Times Mirror Co., has
given away some copies in Washington since 1974. Last
February the paper, hit by the recession, halted distribution
to 10 counties in central California and major cities in
Arizona, Utah and Nevada. The paper has total circulation of
about 1.2 million daily and 1.6 million on Sunday.