Year-End Review of Stock Markets:
   Schwarzkopf and Greenspan Rally Stock Market Charge
   ---
   Investors Are Confident Economy,
   Earnings Will Rebound by Midyear
   ----
   By Douglas R. Sease
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
In between investors had to cope with a wide variety of
stresses and strains. Some they handled with aplomb, such as
the collapse of the Soviet Union late in the year. Others --
the persistently sickly economy, for example -- were merely
tolerated. A few met with strong disapproval. Indeed, if
anyone merits a chorus of boos from investors in 1991 it was
Sen. Alfonse D'Amato. His ill-considered plan to lower
interest rates on credit cards pitched the Dow Jones
Industrial Average into a 120-point tailspin on Nov. 15.
   Altogether, 1991 was a very good year for stocks. From its
Jan. 2 opening of 2633.66, the Dow Jones Industrial Average
came within a hair of reaching 3200. It ended the year at
3168.83, a 20.3% gain. And broader measures of stock prices
performed better. Standard & Poor's 500-Stock Index, for
instance, gained 86.87 points, or 26.3% for the year. The
Nasdaq Composite Index -- the most popular measure of small
stock prices -- surged 212.50 point, or 56.8%, to 586.34
   Now 1992 begins with the Dow Jones industrials riding a
wave of newly found confidence. You wouldn't know it by the
dreary economic statistics being reported, but stock
investors are placing big bets that the economy and corporate
earnings will both be looking healthy by the middle of the
new year. Not coincidentally, they're also betting that
George Bush will win another presidential term this year, a
victory that is probably critically dependent upon that
much-anticipated recovery.
   But for stock investors, 1992 could turn out to be a very
long year. The same resilience that powered the market to
highs in 1991 will almost certainly limit the gains stocks
can make in 1992.
   "We're chewing up a lot of the potential gains right now,"
says Charles Clough, chief investment strategist at Merrill
Lynch. "I don't think we're going to see a repeat of 1991's
percentage gains."
   Other analysts agree that while the economy's big gains
will come later this year, the stock market's gains may be
concentrated in the next few weeks.
   "We've seen some year-end fireworks, but the question is
are we going to see a continuation of that," says Hugh
Johnson, chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. "I
don't think so. My biggest concern for 1992 is that we're
going to get all the year's gains in the first part of the
year."
   Of course, there's always the chance that the market is
getting ahead of itself. It did last January. Clearly, the
optimism that marked the surge in stock prices in January and
February was badly misplaced. The outbreak of war in the
Persian Gulf triggered a massive wave of national euphoria
that swept the Dow Jones industrials up more than 114 points
on Jan. 17.
   "Achieving air superiority in the Persian Gulf was
probably the single most important economic event of 1991,"
says Mr. Johnson. "Oil prices had dropped from $30 a barrel
to $20 a barrel and the message of the market was that they
were going to stay at $20 a barrel."
   Despite continuing sluggishness in the economy, the
celebratory mood was kept intact by the Federal Reserve's
steady stream of short-term interest rate cuts and the
soothing predictions from Washington that the economic
rebound was just around the corner.
   "Falling interest rates managed to outweigh falling
earnings in 1991," says Stefan Abrams, chief investment
strategist at Kidder Peabody.
   But as the year drew near an end, investors' patience did,
too. The blow-off came in mid-November when the Senate passed
Sen. D'Amato's proposal to cap interest rates on credit
cards. The cap would have cut off one of the banking
industry's few sources of profits at the same time it would
have resulted in a reduced availability of credit for
strapped consumers. Combined with the unwinding of
speculation in biotechnology stocks and continuing commercial
real estate problems, the credit card bill unnerved
investors. On Friday, Nov. 15, a simultaneous rush for the
door left the Dow Jones industrials down 120 points.
   "The market was primed for a correction because of the
high valuations and the speculation that was taking place,"
recalls Kenneth Spence, an independent technical analyst.
   The retreat was so swift and dramatic, he says, that it
left the market in the most oversold condition of the year.
As Christmas approached and retail sales lagged, it looked as
if investors would have to content themselves with picking
over the market for a few stocks that might be expected to do
well even if the recession continued well into 1992.
   Thus the stage was set for the Fed to ride to the
economy's rescue. On Friday, Dec. 20, the Fed announced that
it was slashing the discount rate -- which it charges for
loans to banks and other financial institutions -- from 4.5%
to 3.5%. The action prompted a 20-point gain for the
industrials index that day.
   More important, the move signaled money managers and
institutional investors -- the big money of Wall Street --
that the Fed was very serious about sparking an economic
recovery. The following Monday found investment committees
all over the country huddling to make their final call of the
year: to buy or not to buy. Overwhelmingly, the answer was
BUY] In the seven trading days that remained in 1991 the
frantic rush to snap up stocks drove the Dow Jones
industrials up 254.47 points.
   "What the market is saying is that the outlook for the
economy is 1992 is bright and that we should see the
beginning, at long last, of a sustainable economic recovery
in 1992," says First Albany's Mr. Johnson. "When the recovery
will begin is hard to say, but I would bet on the second
quarter."
   Mr. Johnson's outlook includes a victory for President
Bush in November and that, too, should help the stock market.
"With Gov. {Mario} Cuomo out of the picture and the economy
on the mend, it looks like smooth sailing for George Bush,"
he says. "A Republican incumbent is usually good for the
stock market."
   But it doesn't necessarily mean a repeat performance of
last year's 20% stock market gains. While he firmly believes
the economy will recover in 1992, that recovery is likely to
be less than robust, says Mr. Johnson. "It will be inhibited
by the need to reduce the high debt levels of the 1980s and a
lot of resources will be needed for that," he says.
"Companies will continue to sell new stock issues and they
will divert a significant amount of pretax profits to pay
down debt. That will limit gains for the Dow to about 3400 by
year end."
   While many investors assume Mr. Bush will win the
election, some analysts suggest that Washington could turn
out to be a trouble spot for stocks -- and the trouble could
come in the next few weeks. While the stock market clearly
believes that the economy will turn around in 1992, the lack
of any evidence of that turnaround will probably set off a
knock-down, drag-out fight this month between the
administration and Congress over tax policy. Congress,
controlled by the Democrats, most likely will look for tax
relief for the middle class to stimulate consumer spending,
while the administration pushes for investment tax credits
and other means of encouraging savings and investment.
   "This is a battle that will pit the quickfix fiscal
stimulus against long-term structural incentives for savings
and investment," predicts Kidder Peabody's Mr. Abrams, "and
the bond market will be the referee." He worries that
investors will see any quick-fix stimulus as a trigger for
higher inflation and that if the tax package is too costly,
rising long-term rates will hurt stock prices.
   "It's something that investors have to be alert to," he
says. "The historic pattern is a belated recognition in
Washington that the economy isn't recovering, then a panicky
overstimulation. We could be seeing the classic pattern, but
you never know. You have to worry about it, but you can't act
on it until evidence has appeared."
   In the end, it isn't so much the economy as it is
corporate earnings that drive stock prices higher. And one of
the concerns that many analysts share is that stock prices
already are discounting an earnings rebound that corporations
might not be able to deliver.
   "Analysts have got to whittle down their estimates for
1992," says Peter Canelo, chief market strategist at County
NatWest. "Even if we do see some growth, estimates are too
high. And when they're too high, the market usually has an
earnings-related correction in either January and February or
April and May."
   Consumer psychology will play an important role early in
1992, too. Mr. Spence, the technical analyst, worries that no
one has a real grasp of the psychological mood of the nation
right now. "What is hurting this economy so badly is the
psychology as more and more people are laid off from their
jobs," he says. "We haven't seen a situation like this since
the 1930s and we simply don't have the tools to measure
psychology."
   If consumers continue to remain gloomy, he says, the
economy could enter a sustained period of deflation because
there will be little improvement in demand and therefore
little improvement in pricing and profits.
   There are threats from abroad, too. Ironically, one of the
biggest threats to an economic rebound in the U.S. this year
is the ailing economy of what used to be the Soviet Union.
"The risk factor is the Russian winter," says Mr. Canelo.
"The problem is that Russia owes money to a lot of banks,
especially in Germany, and a rough winter would not only make
the Russian economy worse, it would also generate immediate
calls for aid from the West."
   Mr. Johnson of First Albany agrees that the former Soviet
Union could siphon off capital from both the U.S. and Europe.
But he also sees another danger point abroad in Japan. There,
the economy is weakening just as Japan's big banks are
struggling to meet new capital requirements.
   "It's not going to be easy for banks anywhere to meet the
capital standards, but it's going to be especially hard for
Japanese banks," he says, because of the rapidly
deteriorating real estate market and shaky stock market in
Japan. "It's possible that we could see Japan cutting off a
lot of the capital that has been flowing to our markets," he
says.
               THE DOW JONES INDUSTRY GROUPS
                                                                                                       

                      BEST PERFORMERS
                                                                                                       

                                                   COMPOUND
                                   % CHANGE       ANN. CHG.
                                12/31/90 TO      6/30/82 TO
 ISSUER NAME                       12/31/90        12/31/91
                                                                                                       

 Med./biotech.                    +142.39%         +27.44%
 Securities brokers               +111.16          +17.95
 Software                         +107.17          +39.64
 Eastern U.S. banks               + 77.89          +11.18
 Textiles, apparel                + 76.76          +25.17
 Apparel retailers                + 75.42          +28.82
 Southern U.S. banks              + 73.10          +12.50
 Central U.S. banks               + 72.63          +20.68
 Home builders                    + 71.39          +16.74
 Office equipment                 + 70.54          +11.80
 Broadline retailers              + 62.78          +22.74
 Cosmetics                        + 62.46          +22.62
 Home furnishings                 + 58.61          +10.09
                                                                                                       

                     WORST PERFORMERS
                                                                                                       

 Oil drillers                     - 36.55%         - 4.15%
 Gas utilities                    - 17.10          + 4.60
 Oil-field equip.                 -  7.94          + 3.61
 Autos                            -  7.37          + 8.24
 Computers (w/IBM)                -  6.42          + 6.27
 Pipelines                        -  5.55          + 6.19
 Precious metals                  -  4.63          + 9.32
 Secondary oil cos.               -  4.52          + 6.62
 Coal                             -  1.93          + 9.46
 Heavy machinery                  +  0.46          + 4.00
 Aluminum                         +  3.30          +11.81
 Major oil cos.                   +  4.56          +13.58
 Telephone systems                +  5.90          +14.22
                                                                                                       

   Sources: industry group history compiled by Dow Jones and
Shearson Lehman Brothers
                                                                                                       

                     Market Boxscores

                         HIGH     LOW     CLOSE     % CHG.
                                                                                                       

   DJIA                 3168.83  2470.30  3168.83   +20.3%
   DJ Equity Index       391.90   288.96   391.90   +28.2
   S&P 500 Index         417.09   311.49   417.09   +26.3
   NYSE Comp.            229.44   170.97   229.44   +27.1
   Nasdaq Comp.          586.34   355.75   586.34   +56.8
   Amex                  395.05   296.70   395.05   +28.2
   Value Line            249.34   186.78   249.34   +27.2