Corrections  Amplifications
---
   IT IS TOO SOON to predict the province of Ontario's
borrowing requirements for this year, according to Sandra
Tychsen of the provincial Treasury. Ms. Tychsen was
incorrectly quoted in Friday's edition as saying it was
reasonable to expect requirements to be higher.
   (See: "Credit Markets: Bond Prices Fall on Rumor of Strong
Job Data; Corporations Continue Stream of New Issues" -- WSJ
Jan. 10, 1992)
   ---
   THE RICE MILLERS' ASSOCIATION said the rice industry
hasn't taken a position on the so-called Dunkel plan for
concluding world trade talks. In Friday's edition, it was
incorrectly stated that rice organizations testified against
the Dunkel plan at a House hearing Thursday. The proposal by
Arthur Dunkel, director-general of the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade, would liberalize trade and cut agriculture
subsidies world-wide. Rice was also incorrectly included on a
list of crops that might lose substantial U.S. protection
under the plan.
   (See: "U.S. Endorses GATT Official's Plan on Trade but
Will Seek Some Changes" -- WSJ Jan. 10, 1992)
   ---
   COMPASS CAPITAL GROUP'S Equity-Income fund was incorrectly
listed as a bottom 10 performer in the Mutual Fund Scorecard
published in Wednesday's edition because of a processing
error by Lipper Analytical Services Inc. The fund's restated
returns are: 3.76% for the four weeks ended Dec. 26, and
24.08% for the 52-week period.
   ---
   INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp. expects to report a
loss in the fourth quarter and Digital Equipment Corp.
expects to report a loss in its fiscal second quarter ended
Dec. 28. A headline in Friday's edition incorrectly stated
that IBM and Digital expect full-year losses.
   (See: "IBM, Digital Expect Losses For Full Year --- Most
Large Computer Firms Had Weak 4th Quarter; Unisys Sees
Turnaround" -- WSJ Jan. 10, 1992)