Letters to the Editor:
   Evolving Awareness
   About the Holocaust
The difference is significant. Whereas deportation
involves expelling an alien to any country that will accept
him, extradition involves one nation surrendering to another
"an individual accused or convicted of an offense outside of
its {i.e. the first nation's} own territory, and within the
territorial jurisdiction of the other, which, being competent
to try and punish him, demands the surrender."
   America's extradition necessarily entailed our recognition
of Israeli jurisdiction to try Demjanjuk for crimes that
occurred in Nazi-occupied Poland prior to the existence of
Israel. This would not have been the situation had he been
deported. Such recognition, standing in marked contrast to
the many voices in 1961 that questioned the right of Israel
to try Adolf Eichmann for his role in carrying out the Nazi
crimes against the Jews, reflects society's evolving
awareness about the Holocaust and its significance.
   You point out that Mr. Buchanan seems to question whether
the Nazis murdered 850,000 Jews at Treblinka (the Israelis
having convicted Demjanjuk for his role in having been an
operator of its gas chambers). At the Demjanjuk
denaturalization trial, the government expert, Dr. Wolfgang
Scheffler of the Free University of Berlin, testified to the
killing of 900,000 Jews at Treblinka.
   Lee A. Spielmann
   New York