Sprint Agrees to Form
   Special Committee
   To Review Ethics
The shareholder, Gerald Day, also is a member of the
Communications Workers of America union, which represents
about 4,400 Sprint employees. He and his wife, in filing the
proposal, had cited two pending lawsuits against the company
"which allege that management personnel engaged in ethical
misconduct." Both suits were dismissed last December. A
spokesman for the Communications Workers said the suits have
since been refiled, but a spokesman for Sprint in Washington
said only limited parts of the suits were refiled.
   The first suit was a shareholder class action filed in
1990 charging that the telecommunications company misled
investors when it reported low midyear earnings. The second
was a whistleblower suit filed by some former Sprint
employees under the federal False Claims Act, alleging Sprint
improperly obtained information about competitors in order to
outbid them for contracts to supply the federal government
with a telecommunications system.
   The union said Sprint's agreement to form the committee,
which will report back to holders, satisfied the Days. "It's
unusual for a company to accede so readily to a shareholder
proposal," the union quoted the Days as saying. But the
Sprint spokesman said, "We simply thought it was a good idea,
so we acted on it."
   Sprint recently changed its name from United
Telecommunications Inc.