New Securities Issues
Tandy Corp. -- An offering of 15 million depositary shares
of preferred equity redemption cumulative (PERC) stock is
under way at $29.50 a share. The annual dividend for each
depositary share is $2.14. On April 15, 1995, each depositary
share will automatically convert into one share of Tandy
Corp. common stock. The depositary shares are subject to
redemption by Tandy at any time at an initial price (payable
in shares of common stock) of $43.87 per depositary share,
declining to $39.25 after Feb. 15, Tandy said. Morgan Stanley
 Co. is managing the offering, along with Goldman Sachs 
Co. and Rauscher Pierce Refsnes Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Advantage Health Corp. -- Initial public offering of 2.6
million common shares was priced at $17.50 a share through
underwriters led by Alex. Brown  Sons Inc. Delivery is
scheduled for Feb. 24 (physical).
   AgriDyne Technologies Inc. -- An initial public offering
of 1.75 million common shares was made at a price of $10
each. The shares are being offered by an underwriting group
managed by Piper, Jaffray  Hopwood Inc. and Dain Bosworth
Inc.
                                                                                                       


                                                                                                       

   Banco Frances e Brasileiro S.A. (Brazil) -- $90 million of
11% Eurobonds due March 16, 1994, at an issue price of 100, a
yield spread of 570 basis points over the Treasury 4 7/8% of
1994, via Credit Lyonnais Euro-Securities.
   Sun Alliance Group PLC (U.K.) -- 150 million pounds of 10
5/8% Eurobonds due March 10, 1997 at an initial fixed
offering price of 99.70 via SG Warburg Securities. Yield
10.433%, margin of one point above the yield on the U.K.
government's 10 1/2s due 1997. Fees 3/8.
   European Investment Bank (supranational) -- 200 million
Swiss francs to its outstanding 6 1/2% bonds due Aug. 5,
1998, priced at 102.50, via Union Bank of Switzerland. Adds
to outstanding issue, total now 800 million francs. Fees
undisclosed.
   Prudential Funding Corp. (U.S.) -- 100 million Canadian
dollars of 8 1/4% Eurobonds due Dec. 18, 1995 at issue price
100.55 via UBS Phillips  Drew. Reoffered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 99.15 to yield 8.33%
(semiannual), a margin of about 0.32 point above the Canadian
government yield curve. Will trade interchangeably with an
outstanding C$150 million issue. Fees 1 5/8.
   Aerospatiale (France) -- One billion French francs of 9
3/8% Eurobonds due March 9, 1994, at an issue price of 100
7/8 via Credit Lyonnais Ltd. Reoffered at 99.90 to yield
9.43% annually, a spread of 35 basis points above the
comparable government issue. Fees 1 1/8.
   Cie. Bancaire (France) -- 150 billion lira of 11.80%
Eurobonds due March 19, 1997, at an issue price of 101.70 to
yield 11.885% annually after discounting fees via Banco di
Roma. Fees 1 7/8.
   Alisa-1 (Arm Libor Index notes Supreme Assets) (special
purpose vehicle) -- $425 million of mortgage-backed floating
rate notes via Nomura International PLC. Backed by
adjustable-rate mortgages originated by lenders such as
Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National
Mortgage Association and Household Finance Corp. The $340
million portion of senior notes pays interest at 1.1% above
the six-month U.S. dollar London interbank offered rate
(LIBOR), with an issue price of par and maturity on Feb. 20,
1997. Subordinated "income" notes totaling $85 million,
privately placed, serve as credit enhancement of senior
notes. Fees on senior portion 1. Terms on subordinated
portion undisclosed.
   Shell Australia Ltd. (Anglo-Dutch) -- 100 million
Australian dollars of 10 1/8% Eurobonds due April 1, 1997, at
an issue price of 101.75 to yield 10.19% annually after
discounting fees via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd. Fees
2.