Air Canada's Chief
   Sees Return to Profits
   Tied To Expansion
Mr. Harris was named vice chairman, president and chief
executive of Canada's largest airline last week. He was
president of Delta Air Lines when he resigned in 1990 to
become chief executive of Continental Airlines; he left
Continental last year.
   Last week, Air Canada reported a 1991 loss of 218 million
Canadian dollars (US$184.1 million), or C$2.94 a share, on
revenue of C$3.57 billion. At the moment, analysts expect Air
Canada to post another loss this year.
   Mr. Harris said that a merger with another carrier "has to
be one possibility." He said Canada should have only one
major carrier and that carrier should be Air Canada. Mr.
Harris said, "we'll be accelerating discussions" with PWA
Corp., which owns Canadian Airlines International, Canada's
other major carrier.
   PWA also isn't happy with the status quo in the Canadian
airline industry and the Calgary, Alberta, concern has held
very preliminary discussions with Air Canada on the
industry's future. However, a PWA spokesman said that while
it hasn't ruled out anything, it would prefer to sell a
minority stake to a foreign airline rather than merge with
Air Canada.
   Mr. Harris said Air Canada will also speed up ongoing
talks with USAir. Air Canada and the USAir Group Inc. unit
started talking last year about forming some type of alliance
but haven't reached a final agreement.