Business Brief:
   Imcera Stock Plunges After FDA Action
   Leaves It Facing Charge of $5 Million
The news sent Imcera shares tumbling $4.125, or almost
12%, to $34.125 in late New York Stock Exchange composite
trading. Volume was extremely heavy, with 3.5 million shares
trading hands.
   The company said it temporarily suspended sales of a
number of animal drugs "pending completion of a quality
certification process" now under way at its Kansas
animal-products plant. The matter "is confined to technical
manufacturing controls," Imcera said, adding that it has "no
reason to believe there is any safety or efficacy problem
whatsoever with products already released and sold."
   Until it hears further from the FDA, Imcera said, it
doesn't know "whether the impact from the inspection will be
six cents per share or something less." The determining
factors will be the length of the sales suspension and the
cost of correcting the deficiencies, it said.
   In addition, the company said analysts are "probably too
optimistic," in estimating that earnings from continuing
operations for its fiscal year ending June 30 would exceed
$1.65 a share, even excluding the potential charge. The
company, which had previously pronounced itself "comfortable"
with the estimate, cited "continued pricing pressure" on the
feed-ingredients business at the Pitman-Moore unit.
   For its fiscal six months, Imcera's earnings from
continuing operations were $53.4 million, or 68 cents a
share; a $2 million loss from discontinued operations trimmed
per-share net by two cents. Sales were $801.5 million.
   Imcera also has interests in specialty chemicals and
medical products.