What's News --
   Business and Finance
GM slashed its first-period output plans by 12.2%,
signaling it has given up hope of a recovery before spring.
But the latest schedule still calls for output 20.3% higher
than a year ago.
   ---
   Digital Equipment plans to cut spending on engineering and
research by $400 million, or as much as 25%, according to
Digital insiders. The computer company, long a big spender on
research, is understood to want to focus on fewer projects.
   ---
   Congressional Republicans are drafting a pared-down
version of Bush's tax proposal, deleting any tax increases
and paying for tax cuts with reductions in benefit programs.
   ---
   Owens-Corning's loss widened in the fourth quarter to $529
million after an $800 million charge for future asbestos
claims. But the company's stock soared $7.625, or 26%, to
$36.50 because the estimate of asbestos-related liability was
less than feared.
   ---
   Big retailers reported that sales surged in January from a
year earlier, when the war depressed buying. Analysts warned
that the results may not signal an upturn for the industry.
Same-store sales rose 7.7% at Sears, 6.2% at Kmart and 13% at
Wal-Mart.
   ---
   Chrysler posted a $97 million fourth-quarter profit,
thanks to a $127 million gain on the sale of its stake in a
joint venture with Mitsubishi. For all of 1991, the auto
maker had a loss of $795 million, and the company said 1992
will be tougher than last year.
   ---
   Mortgage rates leveled off this week after rising about
half a point over the previous three weeks, leaving
homeowners who plan to refinance uncertain about when to do
so.
   ---
   Continental Air filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan
that would wipe out common and preferred stockholders and
turn ownership of the carrier over to its unsecured
creditors.
   ---
   Salomon recorded a $29 million fourth-period loss, in part
reflecting slumping trading revenue in the wake of the loss
of some big customers following the firm's Treasury scandal.
   ---
   Doubleday acquired the memoirs, yet to be written, of
Wal-Mart's Sam Walton for more than $4 million, according to
publishing sources.
   ---
   The FDIC took steps to keep banks from demanding immediate
repayment on many troubled loans made by the failed Bank of
New England. The moves are an apparent effort to ease New
England's economic woes.
   ---
   Factory orders sank 3.8% in December, indicating a
sluggish finish to the year for manufacturers. The decline
followed revised gains of 0.4% in November and 1.9% in
October.
   ---
   Nomura's U.S. unit has become a top program trader on the
Big Board, even though the Japanese firm re frains from the
practice in Tokyo, where it is politically unpopular.
   ---
   Liquidity Fund Investment was fined $125,000 by the NASD
for allegedly charging unfair prices in the resale of shares
in limited partnerships.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 238,180,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3255.59, off 2.01; transportation 1392.19, up 8.78; utilities
207.81, up 0.06.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4225.16, off 12.07.
   Commodities: Oil $19.50 a barrel, unchanged. Dow Jones
futures index 122.58, up 0.28; spot index 117.38, off 0.18.
   Dollar: 125.73 yen, up 0.27; 1.5770 marks, off 0.0035.