World Markets:
   London Stock Prices End Mixed, Tamed
   By U.S. Softness; Frankfurt Stocks Rally
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index edged down 0.3 point to close at 2492.8, well off the
intraday high of 2530.8, up 37.7. The FT 30-stock index eased
5.3 points to 1886.0. Volume was 457.1 million shares,
compared with 318.1 million shares in the previous session.
   In the early going, prices were pushed up by market makers
who tried to ignite another surge to continue equities' steep
year-end gains. But when Wall Street opened on a weak
footing, prices in Britain were scaled back, amid thin
volume. Much of London's recent rise had resulted from Wall
Street's record pace.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index climbed 23.90 points
to 1601.88 from Monday's close; the market was closed Tuesday
and Wednesday in a holiday observance. Though their advance
was broad, stocks ended below intraday highs, owing to some
profit-taking. Prices opened strongly on optimism from the
recent Wall Street rally and on German futures
position-covering. Turnover was modest after the early buying
flurry. The DAX closing level was 17.2% higher than that of
12 months earlier.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Paris equities finished lower in
scattered post-holiday profit-taking, after the bourse's
decline was accelerated by Wall Street's slow start.
Amsterdam shares gained but ended off intraday highs, as New
York's start also damped investor enthusiasm there. Milan
stocks were pulled down from yearend highs to close mixed.
Stockholm stock prices, despite a late rebound, failed to
recover from an early slump and finished lower. Madrid shares
slumped sharply in a technical reaction to the market's
strong year-end finish. But Brussels shares, after a two-day
holiday, surged on good corporate news.
   Among Asian and Pacific markets that were open, stocks
overall had a mixed performance. Sydney shares' easing came
on activity that was slackened by the Australian summer
period after the New Year's holiday. Hong Kong stocks rose
slightly, with solid gains yielding to a wave of midday
selling, as the market's subdued holiday pace continued.
Singapore's decline in sluggish dealings resulted from
profit-taking. Manila shares ended higher, encouraged by the
year-end performance of overseas markets, especially the New
York Stock Exchange.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                    Dec 31   Dec 30   % This
                                                        Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .............................  390.2    388.3   + 27.2
 Britain ..........................  737.1    716.5   + 15.3
 Canada ...........................  395.8    395.8   +  7.9
 Japan ............................  989.4    989.4   -  0.5
 France ...........................  500.4    492.9   + 18.0
 Germany ..........................  243.3    243.3   +  7.9
 Hong Kong ........................ 3095.7   3074.0   + 42.5
 Switzerland ......................  205.1    205.1   + 21.4
 Australia ........................  351.2    342.0   + 31.2
 World index ......................  535.4    531.2   + 16.0