Letters to the Editor:
   You Have a Dirty-Smokestack Attitude
You decry the law's cost. Consider that in fiscal 1991,
the American taxpayer lost more than twice as much money
subsidizing below-cost timber sales on the national forests
(some $250 million) as relevant agencies spent on endangered
species ($102 million).
   What price the benefit? Just 20 years ago, the Pacific yew
tree was a "worthless" weed that foresters and loggers
destroyed. Now, the yew's future in the wild is threatened by
pressure to collect as much of it as possible for the
production of taxol, a promising new drug to combat several
types of cancer.
   The day after your editorial, your own front-page center
feature reported the fascinating work of a man who collects
exotic species for various scientific and medicinal purposes.
How easily we (you) disparage or dismiss one species or
another simply because of its silly name or odd appearance.
   The problem with your argument for the rights of private
property above all others is that it appeals to laissez-faire
notions that went out with dirty smokestacks and stinking
rivers. Unfortunately, to exalt such blight means altering
the natural, public realm in ways harmful to others. Why must
the public bear the cost of private gain from the destruction
of common resources?
   If you want market forces to bear on these problems, you
ought to espouse a development fee on raw land -- land in a
natural or semi-natural condition. This would contribute to
effective endangered-species protection, discourage
ill-considered development and return to the government a
measure of the public's due.
   And it would go much further toward ensuring the "more
balanced order" that you espouse and we all hope for.
   George T. Frampton Jr.
   President
   Wilderness Society
   Washington