International:
   L.M. Ericsson Says
   Pretax Net Plunged
   In Fourth Quarter
The anemic results, however, exceeded most analysts'
estimates. And Ericsson's gloomy forecast for 1992 failed to
rattle investors who had sent Ericsson's stock tumbling
several times in recent months.
   Ericsson "B-free" stock, the class of equity most traded
internationally, jumped eight kronor to 123 kronor on the
Stockholm Stock Exchange, but closed with a gain of two
kronor for the day.
   The upbeat market response reflected hints of improvement
from the third quarter when Ericsson slipped to a surprise
pretax loss. Accounts for the latest quarter, for instance,
included a 600 million kronor restructuring charge to cover
expenses the company expects to incur from a tough
cost-cutting drive.
   Orders climbed 26% in the fourth quarter, to 13.82 billion
kronor from 10.98 billion kronor a year earlier. During last
year's first nine months, orders fell 20% as economic
recessions forced big telephone operators in several major
markets to slash planned equipment purchases. For all of
1991, orders slipped 8% to 44.7 billion kronor from 49.37
billion kronor in 1990.
   The fourth-quarter order rebound came mainly in Ericsson's
cellular telephone network gear unit, company executives
said. Sales and profit figures for individual divisions
weren't disclosed, pending release of a final 1991 report
next month.
   Ericsson Chief Executive Lars Ramqvist said that
recessions continue to damp demand in important markets,
especially Spain and the United Kingdom, which have been
among the biggest buyers of Ericsson's switching gear in
recent years.