U.S. Crude Output
   During 1991 Was
   Lowest Since 1950
   ----
   By Rose Gutfeld
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"The evidence indicates that the exploration and
production sectors of the petroleum industry in the U.S. have
entered a period of accelerated decline, while there is
accelerated growth overseas," Edward Murphy, the group's
director of finance, accounting and statistics, told a news
conference.
   The report said oil imports fell last year, as a result of
weak domestic demand and the stabilization in domestic output
early in the year. Imports' share of U.S. demand fell to
45.5% last year from 47% in 1990, the first annual decline
since 1983. Even here, however, the group found cause for
concern, pointing out that demand for imports rose in the
second half of the year. Indeed, Mr. Murphy predicted that
imports' share would break the 1977 record of 47.7% if the
economy picks up steam this year or the domestic output
deteriorates further.
   Overall demand for petroleum products fell 2% to
16,648,000 barrels a day in 1991 from 16,989,000 barrels in
1990, the API said, citing high prices related to the Persian
Gulf War early in the year and the recession.
   Oil's share of energy consumption continued to fall last
year, declining to 40.3%. The level hasn't been that low
since 1950, and it hasn't been lower since 1949, when oil
made up 39% of energy consumption. After hitting a peak of
48.7% in 1977, oil's share has fallen as a result of improved
vehicle fuel efficiency, conservation and switching to
natural gas or other fuels by electric utilities and other
industries.
   Mr. Murphy said the output picture wouldn't brighten
unless the oil industry wins greater access to public lands
such as the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska and
certain offshore areas. A bid to open a portion of the refuge
failed in the Senate last year, however, and the industry
isn't likely to have much more success this year.
   Independent producers in particular are also seeking to
change provisions in the federal alternative minimum tax that
they contend discourage investment in exploration and
drilling.
   Oil output in the lower 48 states last year declined to
5.6 million barrels a day, the lowest level since 5.4 million
barrels a day in 1950.