Economy:
   Tracking the Economy
   ----
   By Andrew Sobel
January durable-goods data will strongly influence the
course of monetary policy, says Louis Crandall, chief
economist at R.H. Wrightson  Associates Inc. in New York.
   Mr. Crandall estimates durable-goods orders rose 1% last
month after an "extremely disconcerting" 5.2% drop in
December. Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan will
need at least that kind of a rise to buttress his stand that
the economy is improving, Mr. Crandall says. "A drop in
orders would push the Fed to the brink" of an easing, he
says.
   February consumer confidence, on which a report is also
due this week, will likely register 52%, "virtually unchanged
from January's dismal 50.4%," Mr. Crandall forecasts.
Burdened by job layoffs and "a broad range of social
concerns, from homelessness on down . . . confidence seems to
have remained extremely depressed."
   When it is revised Friday, gross domestic product will
likely show that the U.S. economy posted 1% annual growth in
the fourth quarter of last year, up from the previously
reported 0.3% expansion, Mr. Crandall says. Even with the
upward revision, "that's very weak as far as the recovery
goes. We clearly hit an air pocket at the end of the fourth
quarter that's continuing into 1992."
   The economist says stronger consumer spending,
construction spending and inventories will basically account
for the GDP revision.

            Statistics to Be Released This Week
                                                                                                       

 ECONOMIC                 RELEASE   PREVIOUS   MMS CONSENSUS
 INDICATOR      PERIOD    DATE       ACTUAL       FORECAST
                                                                                                       

 Consumer        February Feb. 25       50.4%        51.5%
   Confidence
                                                                                                       

 New-Car Sales   Mid-     Feb. 25         6.4          6.3
   (ann. rate)   February             million      million
                                                                                                       

 Durable Goods   January  Feb. 26       -5.2%        +1.0%
   Orders
                                                                                                       

 Initial Jobless Week to  Feb. 27     452,000      450,000
   Claims        Feb. 15
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:   Week to  Feb. 27       +%5.4        +$5.5
   M1            Feb. 17              billion      billion
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:   Week to  Feb. 27       +$9.5        +$4.8
   M2            Feb. 17              billion      billion
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:   Week to  Feb. 27       +$5.5        +$9.0
   M3            Feb. 17              billion      billion
                                                                                                       

 Real GDP        4th qtr. Feb. 28       +0.3%*       +0.7%
   (ann. rate)   ,revised
                                                                                                       

               Statistics Released Last Week
                                                                                                       

 Consumer Price Index             138.1
 January                          +0.1%
                                                                                                       

 Housing Starts               1,167,000
 January                          +5.5%
                                                                                                       

 Trade Deficit            $5.93 billion
 December
                                                                                                       

   *Preliminary report for 4th quarter
   Source: MMS International; N.Y., N.Y.