Bankruptcy Judge
   Clears $600 Million
   Financing for Macy
"Before our Chapter 11 filing, we had been developing a
very positive plan for Macy's future," Edward Finkelstein,
chairman and chief executive officer, said in a statement.
"We are now in the process of refining and reformulating that
plan." The plan, which includes the consolidation of certain
divisions and elimination of some jobs, is expected to save
Macy in excess of $100 million.
   The debtor-in-possession financing is used for working
capital needs, primarily the purchase of inventory. On Jan.
29, Judge Lifland approved an interim $60 million
debtor-in-possession facility. Chemical Banking Corp. and
Bankers Trust New York Corp. are serving as co-agents on the
full financing.
   Included in the facility are covenants pertaining to cash
flow levels that Macy must achieve on a quarterly basis. In
an amendment to the original revolving credit and guarantee
agreement, Macy's bankers modified the amount of earnings
before interest, depreciation and amortization that Macy must
generate in the Christmas quarter, ending Jan. 30, 1993, from
$170 million to $150 million. In the Christmas quarter just
ended, analysts said, the retailer generated only $135
million in earnings before interest, depreciation and
amortization.