Texas Bank Agrees
   To Pay $20 Million
   To Settle Lawsuit
Class members would also hold a 1% interest in an "asset
pool" that the agreement estimates would yield an additional
$4 million. First City and Mr. Greenfield declined to explain
the pool in detail. First City said it disclosed a
preliminary settlement of the suit in the fall for $12
million plus attorney's fees.
   The lawsuit, filed in 1990 in Houston federal court,
alleges that the bank and its managers misrepresented its
financial condition in public filings following a 1988
federal bailout led by former Chicago banker A. Robert
Abboud. The settlement agreement covers all defendants except
Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp., which helped
put together the transaction. Donaldson Lufkin couldn't be
reached for a comment.
   The settlement clears up another uncertainty in a second
rescue plan being circulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corp., under which the government would cap future losses for
a buyer of First City, which has assets of $10 billion, but
wouldn't provide direct federal aid. The government's
stop-loss protection is designed to provide comfort for
buyers even though the FDIC wouldn't close the bank and
cancel liabilities on contracts or lawsuits.