World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Hit Lowest Point Since the Bottom
   Of 1990 Crash, and Dangers Lurk in Near Term
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Meanwhile, London share prices dropped sharply on the jolt
that President Bush's political standing took in the New
Hampshire primary election, and Frankfurt stocks eased on
profit-taking.
   On Wednesday in Tokyo, the Nikkei 225-stock index, which
slumped 452.95 points a day earlier, lost 253.73, or 1.22%,
to 20618.30, its lowest close since Oct. 1, 1990, when the
index registered 20221.86.
   In Tokyo on Thursday, the Nikkei index edged up 19.14
points to close the morning session at 20637.44.
   Wednesday's volume was an estimated 200 million shares, up
from 184.6 million Tuesday. Losers outpaced gainers, 732-219,
and 151 shares were unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of
all first-section issues, which fell 19.84 points Tuesday,
dropped 19.37, or 1.26%, to 1520.62.
   The Nikkei has closed below 21000 five times this year,
and despite considerable volatility, recoveries haven't taken
the index above 22000 since Feb. 7.
   "We're weak," Alan Livsey, technical analyst at Kleinwort
Benson International, said. "When you look at a chart of the
past year, we've been making new lows since the end of the
Gulf War." But he noted that the low-price, low-volume market
has tended to make sell-offs smaller than they were at the
end of 1991, possibly an indication that the bear market of
the past two years is running out of steam.
   Wednesday's drop "is a very poor signal," said Norio
Yamaguchi, general manager of investment strategy at ABN Amro
Securities (Japan) Ltd., "but it can also happen at the final
stage of a bottom" for the market.
   In the near term, any rebound is likely to be subdued,
however. The market is coping with various political
scandals, recent poor corporate earnings forecasts and
pressure on corporations to sell stock funds to clean up
their books ahead of the fiscal year's end on March 31.
   In the past, political scandals often have had little
influence on the market in Japan. But in this case, timing is
an important factor.
   "If the (government's) budget is delayed (by the
scandals), it will hurt the private sector," which sorely
needs a stimulus from public-works spending, said Fukuo
Kawakubo, assistant manager for research at Nomura Securities
Co. With that in mind, he said, "the market isn't sure
whether it will break 20000." The Japanese budget is normally
supposed to be passed by April 1, but wrangling over
testimony by scandal-tainted politicians has delayed
parliamentary budget deliberations.
   It wasn't clear how long the scandals would shake Japan,
but stock-fund selling and most corporate earnings
announcements will pass within about a month.
   Meanwhile, the Finance Ministry is likely to give up plans
to sell 500,000 government-held shares of Nippon Telegraph 
Telephone in the current fiscal year because of the stock
market slump, a Japanese news report said. The government is
said to believe the sale could cause the market to decline
further. Separately, NTT lowered its earnings projection for
the current fiscal year, saying pretax profit will be less
than its September estimate of 375 billion yen ($2.93
billion).
   Among corporate developments, Honda Motor fell 10 yen to
1,440 yen ($11.25). Group pretax profit for the third quarter
ended Dec. 31 dropped 24% to 21.94 billion yen from a year
earlier. Honda cited the stronger yen and company operating
expenses that grew more quickly than sales. Sony skidded 160,
or 3.8%, to 4,000. The technology and consumer products
company's consolidated operating profit for the third quarter
ended Dec. 31 slumped 17% to 78.6 billion yen. Net income
jumped 94% to 97.2 billion yen, but that reflected a gain of
61.5 billion yen in the latest quarter from the sale of stock
in a unit. Sony forecast a 45% plunge in operating profit for
the fiscal year and slashed 70 billion yen from its
capital-spending plans for the next fiscal year.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index ended down 19.2 points at 2536.7. The FT 30-stock index
declined 8.4 points to 1975.3. Volume was 561.3 million
shares, compared with 559.3 million a day earlier.
   London investors expected the U.S. presidential primary
outcome to bode poorly for Wall Street. Their gloom worsened
because of Tokyo stocks' losses and worse-than-expected
provisional British retail sales data for January.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index declined 7.2 points
to 1687.79, only fractionally above the intraday low. Buyers
have disappeared and profit-taking has set in each time the
DAX has approached the 1700 level, as it did Monday and on
three other occasions in the past four weeks.
   In other corporate developments, in London, British
Aerospace surged 30 pence, or 11%, to 303 pence ($5.31). The
defense contractor and auto maker posted a 1991 pretax loss
of #81 million ($142 million), reversing a year-earlier
profit of #376 million, as a #235 million restructuring
charge was applied to recession-damaged results. The
performance was in line with the company's previous forecast
and better than the market expected. British Aerospace
maintained its dividend at 25 pence a share. Lloyds Bank fell
7, or 1.8%, to 386. The bank's 60%-owned Lloyds Abbey Life
said its 1991 pretax profit slipped 4.2% to #305.5 million as
strong growth from its core insurance operations was offset
by the effect of the recession on the insurer's finance and
real estate activities.
   Turbulent early trading in stocks of U.S. pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies spread across the Atlantic to
depress Britain's big drug stocks. Glaxo Holdings tumbled 22
to 826, SmithKline Beecham Class A shares lost 26 to 924.5,
and Wellcome shed 29 to #11.13 ($19.51).
   In Paris, Rhone-Poulenc Rorer plummeted 14.30 French
francs, or 4%, to 344.50 francs ($61.51). The French
state-controlled chemical and pharmaceutical concern's 1991
group operating profit, after paying minority interests, rose
3.2% to two billion francs ($357.8 million). But the results
were slimmer than expected.
   In Bangkok, Thai Airways International, the state-owned
carrier, announced an initial public offering March 16-27 of
95 million shares at 60 baht ($2.37) a share; an additional
five million shares will be reserved for airline employees at
the par price of 10 baht a share.
   ---
   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                  Feb 18    Feb 17     Year
                                                                                                       


 Britain .......................   758.9     753.5    + 3.0
 Canada ........................   401.1     403.8    + 1.3
 Japan .........................   887.8     901.9   - 10.3
 France ........................   538.8     531.5    + 7.7
 Germany .......................   262.5     260.3    + 7.9
 Hong Kong .....................  3503.0    3477.9   + 13.2
 Switzerland ...................   221.3     220.2    + 7.9
 Australia .....................   346.9     343.5    - 1.2
 World index ...................   509.1     515.9    - 4.9