Court Rules Against
   ATT in Patent Suit,
   Awards $34.6 Million
ATT said it planned to appeal the decision and that it
expected the U.S. Patent Office, which is currently reviewing
the Collins patent, to invalidate it. This could void the
award.
   The judgment was nowhere near the $400 million to $800
million plus treble damages that Collins was seeking and
calls for a lump-sum payment by ATT to cover any past and
future obligations. ATT's 5ESS digital switch is used widely
by the regional Bell companies and overseas telephone
companies as the primary exchanges for routing phone and data
traffic.
   Other big manufacturers that sell TST-type switches could
find themselves future targets of Collins, according to
Joseph Grear, an attorney for Collins. He said the company
had "notified" Northern Telecom Ltd., Canada; Siemens AG,
Germany; and LM Ericsson, Sweden, about its patents but that
"no action has been taken yet." The companies could not be
reached for comment.
   "ATT's biggest, that's the reason we went after them
first," Mr. Grear said. The suit was filed in December 1990.
   Collins Licensing, a limited partnership owned by the
Sevin Rosen Management Co., New York, a venture capital firm,
owns the digital transmission and switching patents awarded
to Arthur A. Collins Inc. The company was founded by Arthur
Collins who was also the founder of Collins Radio Co., which
later became the Collins Div. of Rockwell International
Corp., Seal Beach, Calif., a military electronics, aerospace
and vehicle parts concern.
   An ATT spokesman said the judgment was "1.5% of the up to
$2.4 billion amount sought. . .It's unfortunate that this
venture capital firm. . .would use the courts to increase the
value of their investment at the expense of ATT and its
customers." On seven of Collins' other claims the jury found
in ATT's favor.