What's News --
   Business and Finance
Taxable bond mutual funds gained an average of 18.2% in
total return last year, including 4.7% in the fourth period,
as interest rates sank. But fund managers say the showing is
unlikely to be repeated in 1992. Bond funds took in $63.4
billion last year, their biggest inflow since 1986.
   ---
   GM's debt was downgraded by Moody's, while SP further cut
debt ratings for Chrysler and its credit unit. But Moody's
affirmed a top-tier grade for GM's finance subsidiary.
                                                                                                       

   U.S. auto executives warned Japan they will seek
protectionist measures unless Tokyo agrees this week to
changes that would significantly re duce its trade surplus
with the U.S.
   ---
   Intel plans to cut prices of its computer chips by as much
as 35% and to increase research and capital spending. The
chip maker also said it is likely next week to post
better-than-expected fourth-quarter profit.
   ---
   The SEC's chief accountant is stepping up pressure on
accounting groups to force thrifts and banks to use more
up-to-date asset values when reporting financial results.
   ---
   Sears is revamping its customer-service and catalog
operations in a move the retailer said will cut 6,900 jobs,
most of them part-time, and save more than $50 million a
year.
   ---
   Ethyl Corp. faced a rejection by top EPA aides of its
request to sell a gasoline additive, but the EPA's chief is
considering delaying a decision af ter meeting with company
officials.
   ---
   The Air Force canceled a $1 billion contract for desktop
computers awarded to two small companies, af ter bigger rival
suppliers protested.
   ---
   Scores of securities firms and banks are close to settling
SEC charges of falsifying orders and records in bidding for
U.S.-backed debt.
   ---
   McDonnell Douglas's accord to sell up to 40% of its
commercial-jet unit to Taiwan Aerospace faces potential
political opposition in Taiwan, which could complicate a
final pact.
   ---
   Stocks finished mixed, as did the dollar. The Dow Jones
industrials gained 4.70 points to a record 3204.83.
Over-the-counter issues also set a record, but the SP 500
index slipped.
                                                                                                       

   Stock portfolio managers averaged a 37.6% return in 1991,
outpacing the SP 500 index's 30.4% gain.
   ---
   A Unilever unit is introducing six fat substitutes, each
designed for use in a specific kind of processed food.
   ---
   Compaq's shares soared $3.125, about 10%, to $34 after
some analysts raised estimates for the computer maker's
fourth-quarter earnings.
   ---
   MCorp's reorganization plan was rejected by a bankruptcy
judge, who called the proposal unfair to share  holders of
the banking company.
   ---
   Coltec Industries intends to sell $577.5 million in stock
in an initial public offering to reduce debt of the
industrial and auto products concern.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks retreated in light trading as many investors
awaited the outcome of Bush's visit to Japan. The Nikkei fell
234.79 to 23566.39. London and Frankfurt shares also fell.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 251,280,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3204.83, up 4.70; transportation 1383.03, up 17.56; utilities
221.83, off 1.19.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4360.22, up 23.62.
   Commodities: Oil $18.69 a barrel, off 52 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.09, up 0.25; spot index 112.55, unchanged.
   Dollar: 123.98 yen, up 0.63; 1.5075 marks, off 0.0085.