Pension Agency Asks
   Court to Hold Up
   Continental Air Sale
The PBGC is seeking a court injunction against the sale
or, failing that, against disbursement of proceeds of the
sale until its claims to Air Micronesia assets are affirmed.
The agency sought a court ruling that Air Micronesia is
legally part of a group of companies, including Eastern, that
are commonly controlled by Continental Airlines Holdings. As
part of the group, Air Micronesia would share liability for
Eastern's pension obligations.
   The pension-insurance agency said the injunction should be
ordered -- and the underlying issue should be resolved -- by
a federal district court, rather than the bankruptcy court,
since Air Micronesia isn't in bankruptcy. Some past PBGC
attempts to establish priority claims against companies in
bankruptcy have met adverse court rulings, based on
bankruptcy law instead of federal pension law.
   The agency said it wouldn't be able to pursue claims
against Air Micronesia if the sale were to take place before
the PBGC's rights to the proceeds were decided. Both the
bankruptcy court and district court are in Wilmington, Del.
   Continental previously signed a letter of intent to sell
its interest in Air Micronesia to Pacific Micronesia Corp., a
newly formed entity led by George A. Doubleday II, chairman
of the InnerAsia Group in San Francisco.