Economy:
   Manufacturing
   Stayed Weak
   During January
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
It was the first time since October the index didn't
actually fall, however. That could mean the smokestack
economy is at least bottoming out, even if it hasn't begun to
head upward.
   "Things stabilized in the month of January," said Robert
Bretz, purchasing manager at Pitney Bowes Inc. and chairman
of the survey committee. "This is a neutral report. It's not
really good or bad."
   In another economic indicator, the Commerce Department
said construction spending, adjusted for inflation, fell less
than 0.1% in December after declining 0.3% in November. Those
figures seem to indicate that the interest-rate reductions
made late in December have begun to take hold.
   But for the year, the weak economy still did damage.
Construction spending tumbled 10% in inflation-adjusted
dollars in 1991, the steepest decline in nearly half a
century.
   Before adjustment for inflation, construction spending
fell 0.2% in December and 0.5% in November.
   Although the purchasing managers' report showed no
improvement from December, Mr. Bretz said members of the
association have grown more optimistic since the last month's
survey.
   Lower interest rates have allowed several manufacturers to
pay off loans. "That means more money in the bank and
increased optimism," Mr. Bretz said.
   The January index, one of the first indicators of the
economic performance of that month, also showed that prices
remained under control at the start of the year.
   The unemployment picture improved slightly in January, but
still was lackluster. Roughly 28% of respondents said their
payrolls were smaller last month, while 66% said employment
was unchanged.
   Both reports are adjusted for seasonal changes.
   ---
                   CONSTRUCTION SPENDING
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's figures for
construction spending in billions of dollars at seasonally
adjusted annual rates.
                                                                                                       

                                       Dec.   Nov.   Dec.
                                       1991   1991   1990
                                                                                                       

  Total new construction ............ 407.4  408.4  421.3
   Residential ...................... 167.3  168.2  165.0
   Nonresidential ...................  89.2   89.0  109.6
   Public ........................... 112.4  112.7  110.0