Portland General Unit
   Sues Accounting Firm
   Over Bonneville Data
The suit was filed in state court in Salt Lake City by
Portland General Holdings Inc., a Portland General unit
involved in non-utility business development. The suit also
charges Deloitte  Touche with "omissions of material facts"
during the time Portland General Holdings considered
acquiring an interest in Bonneville. After Portland General
pulled out, Bonneville filed for protection under Chapter 11
of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
   Portland General, an electric utility holding concern,
said it is in jeopardy of losing more than $76 million based
on the "fradulent statements" made by Deloitte and certain
Bonneville employees, and is seeking about $228 million in
damages.
   Deloitte  Touche, based in Wilton, Conn., couldn't be
reached to comment.
   Also named in the suit were Robert L. Wood, chairman and a
current director of Bonneville; L. Wynn Johnson and John T.
Dunlop, Bonneville directors; and Gerald C. Monson, a
Bonneville vice president. None of the executives could be
reached yesterday.
   Earlier this month, three Bonneville investors filed a
suit seeking class action status, charging Portland General
with various federal securities law violations that the
investors say led to Bonneville's financial collapse.