New Securities Issues
ICI Wilmington, Delaware Corp. -- $225 million issue of
7.625% notes, due March 15, 1997, was priced at 99.81 to
yield 7.671%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread
of 55 basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated
double-A-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
double-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co. ICI
Wilmington, Delaware Corp. is a unit of Imperial Chemical
Industries Ltd.
   Crane Co. -- $100 million issue of 8.50% notes, due March
15, 2004, was priced at 99 to yield 8.636%. The noncallable
notes were priced at a spread of 96 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-2 by Moody's and
single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. Gross spread
is $6.75, selling concession is $4 and reallowance is $2.50.
                                                                                                       


                                                                                                       

   Singer Co. -- Secondary offering of 7 million shares
priced at $21.875 each through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch.
   Standard Pacific Corp. -- 3 million shares priced at $11
each through underwriters led by Prudential Securities Inc.
   Health O Meter Products Inc. -- Initial 2.5 million shares
priced at $14 each through underwriters led by First Boston.
   Sierra On-Line Inc. -- 1.5 million shares priced at $17.25
each through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Gainesville, Fla. -- $134.83 million utilities system
revenue bonds, comprised of $73 million 1992 Series A bonds,
due Oct. 1, 1996-2007, 2012, 2014, and 2022, and $61.825
million 1992 Series B bonds, due Oct. 1, 2001-2013, and 2017,
were priced by a Goldman, Sachs  Co. group to yield from
5.00% in 1996 to 6.76% in 2022. Series A current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 5.00% in 1996 to 6.55%
in 2007. There are $12.8 million 6.50% term bonds priced at
98 to yield 6.68% in 2012; $6.36 million 6.50% term bonds
priced at 97.50 to yield 6.72% in 2014; $35.21 million 6.50%
term bonds priced at 96.63 to yield 6.76% in 2022. Series B
current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 6.00%
in 2001 to 6.63% in 2013. There are $22.31 million 6% term
bonds priced at 91.50 to yield 6.70% in 2017. The bonds are
rated double-A by both Moody's and SP.
   New York City -- $99 million variable-rate general
obligation bonds, with a final maturity of Feb. 1, 2020, were
priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield 2.20%. The
bonds are priced at par. The interest rate on the bonds will
be reset daily. The bonds are insured by Financial Guaranty
Insurance Co. and carry the highest short-term ratings of
MIG-1 from Moody's, SP1-Plus from SP. and F-1-plus from
Fitch Investors Service Inc.
   Oregon Housing and Community Services Department -- $80.54
million mortgage revenue bonds, (single-family mortgage
program), 1992 Series A and B, due July 1, 1994-2002, 2012,
2016, and 2028, with capital appreciation bonds due
2003-2009, were tentatively priced by a Bear Stearns  Co.
Inc. group to yield from 4.40% in 1994 to 6.88% in 2028.
Series A consists of approximatley $32.87 million bonds.
Current interest serial bonds are priced at par to yield from
4.40% in 1994 to 6.10% in 2002. There are $5.77 million 6.75%
bonds priced at par in 2012. There are $9.69 million 6.80%
term bonds priced at par in 2016. Capital appreciation, or
zerocoupon bonds, are priced to yield to maturity from 6.40%
in 2003 to 6.65% in 2008-2009. Series B consists of
approximately $47.67 million bonds. The single tranche of
6.88% bonds are priced at par. The bonds are rated double-A
by Moody's.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBOND
                                                                                                       

   Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V. (Japan parent) --
$200 million of 6.75% eurobonds due April 21, 1995, at issue
price 101.0725 via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Offered to
investors intially at a fixed price of 99.885 to yield 6.79%,
yield margin 0.35 point above Treasury's 5.50% due 1995.
Keepwell agreement from Toyota Motor Corp. Fees 1.375.
   Telecommunicacoes Brasileiras S.A. (Brazil) -- $90 million
of 10% (semiannual) Eurobonds due 1997 via Salomon Brothers
International. Offered initially at 98.165 to yield about 3.4
points above the comparable Treasury yield. Put option on
Sept. 15, 1994, at par to yield 10.87%, margin 4.56 points
above comparable Treasury. Fees 1.125.
   Aerospatiale (France) -- One billion French francs of
9.125% Eurobonds due April 1, 2002, via Credit Lyonnais and
Morgan Stanley International. Offered intially at fixed price
99.90 to yield 9.14%, margin 0.52 points above French
government yields. Fees 0.375.
   Mitsui Fudosan Co. (Japan) -- 30 billion yen of floating
rate notes due July 1997 via Nikko Europe Ltd. Notes pay
interest at 0.60 points below the Japanese long-term prime
rate, offered initially at fixed price of par. Fees 0.30.