TWA's Emergence From Chapter 11
   Hinges on Icahn's Ability to Slash Debt
   ---
   Airline Remains Aloft,
   But Some in Industry
   Doubt It Will Survive
   ----
   By Asra Q. Nomani
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"With Icahn, I'm really nervous" about TWA's future, said
Elizabeth Bailey, former chairwoman of the Civil Aeronautics
Board, the federal agency which oversaw the airline industry
before its 1978 deregulation. "It's a candidate for death."
   For now, TWA is flying its regular schedule in the U.S.
and overseas. During its Chapter 11 reorganization, Mr. Icahn
hopes to strip TWA's heavy $1.6 billion debt load -- much of
it accumulated when he took TWA private just four years ago
-- to about $595 million, reducing annual interest bills to
$61 million from $211 million. Mr. Icahn, who once
renegotiated TWA's paper-towel contract to get a lower price,
is pinning some hopes on renegotiated aircraft leases, which
he says will save TWA about $7 million a month.
   Mr. Icahn dismissed skeptics' concerns in an interview:
"We have a 90-10 chance to make it. The naysayers said we'd
be closed up a long time ago, and we're still around."
   Further, he just completed a new contract with TWA's
machinists union, and he says his creditors already have
agreed to a restructuring package. Under the plan, TWA would
save about $234 million annually in aircraft lease and debt
payments.
   TWA officials are hoping for a 1992 increase in yield, or
revenue a passenger pays for every mile flown, to about 11.2
cents from 10.5 cents in 1991, as well as a 1992 traffic
increase to about 34 billion revenue passenger miles from
27.9 revenue passenger miles in 1991. A revenue passenger
mile is one revenue passenger flown one mile. "We're doing
much better than the numbers that we need to be in the black
operationally by 1992," said Mr. Icahn.
   But all that may not be enough. The company had an
operating loss of $257.7 million for the nine months ended
Sept. 30, and another hefty loss is expected for the fourth
quarter.
   In addition, the track record for survival in Chapter 11
is lousy. Midway Airlines, Eastern, and Pan Am collapsed in
bankruptcy court last year. Previously, Braniff airlines died
after filing for protection under Chapter 11; a tiny Braniff
International emerged last year but sought Chapter 11 shelter
within five weeks.
   With TWA's filing, almost one-fifth of the U.S. airline
industry's capacity is flying under the federal bankruptcy
flag. Both Continental Airlines Holdings Inc. and America
West Airlines continue to struggle in Chapter 11 with asset
sales and financial pressures.
   It's unclear, too, whether Mr. Icahn has the management
savvy to lead TWA through the turbulence of bankruptcy court.
He lost one of the carrier's last veteran executives last
year when Charlie Adams, vice president of the international
division, left. However, Mr. Icahn expressed confidence that
he and and his top executives can successfully guide TWA
through the reorganization process.
   Whitman, Heffernan, Rhein  Co., a New York firm that
specializes in troubled companies and an investment banker
for TWA's pilots union, estimates the carrier has only 18
months to 24 months of life even after a restructuring. TWA's
pilots union blames Mr. Icahn. "The $1 billion of debt he
wants to eradicate is what he put on the company in his
privatization," said Bill Compton, chairman of the union.
Indeed, Mr. Icahn took on $2.6 billion in debt to take TWA
private.
   But he defends his move even today. "I saved the damn
thing. I borrowed money to save the company. We had no
choice," said Mr. Icahn.
   Under Mr. Icahn, TWA's shareholder equity has been wiped
out and, as of Sept. 30, there was a deficit of $514.8
million. That contrasts with equity of $539.5 million on Dec.
31, 1985, before Mr. Icahn took over. TWA had a deficit in
working capital of $1.5 billion as of Sept. 30, compared with
an Icahn-era peak of $686.3 million in working capital as of
Dec. 31, 1987. The Chapter 11 filing comes one year after TWA
stopped paying debt-related bills.
   Still, Mr. Icahn forecasts that TWA will emerge from
reorganization "within six months." And David Kurtz, TWA's
bankruptcy counsel at the Cleveland law firm of Jones, Day,
Reavis  Pogue, contended that TWA's prospects are better
than other carriers that have sought protection. "There's no
airline that has gone in with $500 million in {available}
cash, agreements with its creditors and agreements with its
unions," he said.
   Mr. Icahn said he avoided a "prepackaged" filing, in which
creditors would vote to clear the reorganization plan before
the Chapter 11 filing is made, because it could have taken
several months to clear the regulatory hurdles required. He
called TWA's filing "pre-planned." But bankruptcy experts are
skeptical that TWA's creditors will quickly sign off on a
reorganization plan.
   Sandra Mayerson, an attorney at the New York law firm of
Kelley Drye  Warren, said that "the logical conclusion" from
TWA executives' decision to avoid a prepackaged filing is
that "they are going to go into a free-fall bankruptcy." Ms.
Mayerson recently led a court-appointed examination that
found the management of Interco Co., a St. Louis furniture
and shoe concern, responsible for landing the company in
bankruptcy court after piling on debt in the 1980s.
   A collapse wouldn't seem to hurt Mr. Icahn much. He
recouped his original investment in TWA when he received $469
million in cash in the complicated privatization of the
company in 1988. He maintains, though, that he has taken a
loss of $150 million to $200 million on TWA, describing it as
the "worst" investment he made in the last decade.
   Mr. Icahn would lose control of TWA, his stake slipping to
20% to 40% from 90%. Under the plan, he would keep management
control with six of 11 board seats for one year, after which
the seats would be open to a shareholder vote. Mr. Icahn, as
a shareholder, would get his equity back.
   TWA has lost clout since Mr. Icahn's regime began in 1986.
In U.S. traffic market share, TWA has fallen to No. 7 from
No. 4 in 1985, and that has come despite the departure of
Eastern Airlines from the rankings. Eastern was No. 3 in
1985. TWA's seating capacity has shrunk 12% from 1985,
despite the purchase of a big St. Louis rival, Ozark
Airlines, in 1986. In contrast, United Airlines' capacity has
almost doubled during the same period.
   As of Dec. 31, TWA listed total assets of $2.7 billion and
total liabilities of $3.5 billion.
   Mr. Icahn said "right now" he has "no intention" of
selling assets or laying off employees. But TWA officials
have changed their minds before. Mark Buckstein, TWA's
general counsel, said in 1988, "I believe there are other
carriers that would very much like to have our Chicago-London
route. We have no intention of selling it." Mr. Icahn agreed
in 1990 to sell the route to American Airlines for $110
million.
   Among possible assets up for grabs, UAL Corp.'s United and
AMR Corp.'s American are interested in TWA's hub at Charles
de Gaulle International Airport in Paris. American, too, has
eyed TWA's U.S. routes to Portugal, Spain and Italy.
   Mr. Icahn plans to tap $100 million from the pending sales
of TWA's Philadelphia-London route, Baltimore-London route
and Travel Channel cable unit. He's also banking on getting
$150 million to $200 million in "debtor-in-possession"
financing, which is among the first items that have to be
repaid in a bankruptcy proceeding.
   But TWA is going through cash quickly. Despite a $676.6
million gain primarily from the sale of its London operations
to American, TWA had only $378 million in cash and cash
equivalents as of Sept. 30, 1991 -- just slightly more than
it had a year earlier.
   As of Friday, TWA had only about $200 million in cash,
and, according to Mr. Icahn, another estimated $100 million
in cash equivalents. He said TWA is experiencing losses of
about $750,000 daily. While expected during the fall and
winter, the losses still aren't a good sign.
   ---
   Lourdes Lee Valeriano contributed to this article.
   ---
           TWA'S Rocky Road to Bankruptcy Court
                                                                                                       

              It Sold Assets to Raise Cash...
                                                                                                       

   Major sources of cash since 1988 privatization
                                                                                                       

          AMOUNT
 YEAR   (millions)  ASSETS SOLD
                                                                                                       

 1988     $ 18.8    Aircraft and related flight equipment
                                                                                                       

 1989      210.0    Eight L1011 jets and three 747 jets
                    (leased back)
                                                                                                       

             8.8    Five Kansas City gates and ramp and
                    flight equipment
                                                                                                       

             4.1    Kansas City training building

 1990       83.0    Chicago O'Hare hangar and related
                    equipment
                                                                                                       

            37.7    Partial interest in Paris reservation
                    system
                                                                                                       

            19.3    12 takeoff and landing slots at
                    Washington, D.C., National Airport
                                                                                                       

            28.5    Two L1011s (leased back)
                                                                                                       

           342.0    Two 747s and six 767s (leased back)
                                                                                                       

 1991      110.0    Chicago-London route authority
                                                                                                       

           445.0    London routes from Los Angeles, New York
                    and Boston
                                                                                                       

            70.0    Chicago O'Hare takeoff and landing slots
                    (pending)
                                                                                                       

            12.5    Two takeoff and landing slots at
                    Washington's National Airport
                                                                                                       

 1992       50.0    Travel Channel (pending)
                                                                                                       

            50.0    London routes from Baltimore and
                    Philadelphia (pending)
                                                                                                       

 Total      $1.49 billion
                                                                                                       

   Source: Company and Securities and Exchange Commission
filings
                                                                                                       

               But Saw Market Share Fall...
                                                                                                       

   Market share of top U.S. airlines
                                                                                                       

   1985                         1991
                                                                                                       

   American         15.2%       American        18.6%
   United           14.3        United          18.5
   Eastern          11.4        Delta           15.2
   TWA              11.0        Northwest       12.0
   Delta            10.3        Continental      9.4
   Pan Am            9.4        USAir            7.7
   Northwest         7.9        TWA              6.3
                                                                                                       

   Source: Avitas Aviation
                                                                                                       

                   As Service Slipped...
                                                                                                       

   Consumer complaints per 100,000 passengers Nov. 1991*
                                                                                                       

   Southwest            0.28
   Delta                0.41

   America West         0.89
   Northwest            0.97
   American             1.04
   United               1.08
   Continental          1.13
   TWA                  2.55
                                                                                                       

   *Latest available data
   Source: Transportation Department
                                                                                                       

            And It Joined Other Fallen Carriers
                                                                                                       

   AIRLINE (DATE)                       STATUS
                                                                                                       

   Eastern (March '89)                  Liquidated Jan. '91
   Braniff (Sept. '89)                  Liquidated Oct. '89
   Continental (Dec. '90)               Still flying
   Pan Am (Jan. '91)                    Liquidated Dec. '91
   Midway (March '91)                   Liquidated Nov. '91
   America West (June '91)              Still flying
   Braniff Int'l. (Aug. '91)            Still flying
   TWA (Jan. '92)                       Still flying