Bear Stearns  Co.
   Ex-Trader to Settle
   Insider Trading Suit
According to the SEC lawsuit, Mr. Baity received inside
information from an unidentified person about Chemical
Banking Corp.'s 1986 acquisition of Horizon Bank in New
Jersey. He allegedly used that information to make about
$68,000 for Bear Stearns by conducting trades on behalf of
his former employer, a unit of Bear Stearns Cos., in its
arbitrage account. He also passed the information on to Eben
Smith, a broker at Smith Barney, Harris, Upham  Co., who
faces related civil and criminal insider trading lawsuits.
   Later that year, the SEC suit said, Mr. Baity received
inside information from the same unidentified person about
Chemical Bank's acquisition of Texas Commerce Bancshares. He
passed the information on to Mr. Smith, who used it to make a
profit of $33,000 for himself and $33,000 for customers, the
SEC suit alleges.
   In neither case is it alleged that Mr. Baity personally
profited from the trading of insider information.
Nonetheless, Mr. Baity agreed to pay $210,000, representing
the total profits and interest earned by others, including
Bear Stearns. He'll also pay civil penalties of about
$154,000. Federal prosecutors said that they'll allow Mr.
Baity to reduce his total payment by about $70,000 because of
current financial difficulties.
   Andrew Citron, an attorney for Mr. Baity, said his client
settled rather than face the expense of a trial. A Bear
Stearns spokeswoman said the company wasn't named in the
suit, and that Mr. Baity hasn't worked for the firm for five
years.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   KEITH BAITY, a former trader at Bear, Stearns  Co., will
pay $48,337 to settle an insider-trading lawsuit by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Yesterday's edition
didn't indicate his financial obligation under the
settlement.
   (WSJ March 11, 1992)