Abreast of the Market:
   Industrial Average Drops 15.21,
   But Broader Market Holds Firm
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Indeed, advancing issues ran well ahead of decliners, 966
to 749, on the Big Board, where volume jumped to 261,960,000
shares from 231,490,000 Tuesday.
   Eastman Kodak dragged on the Dow Jones industrials
throughout the day following a disappointing earnings report;
the stock ended 4 1/4 lower at 46 1/2 on volume of 5.8
million shares, more than five times its daily average. The
photography and chemicals company reported a fourth-quarter
net loss of $1.23 a share, which included a restructuring
charge. Without the charge, earnings would have been 61 cents
a share, well below analysts' expectations of 70 cents to 92
cents a share.
   Other stocks in the industrial average that came under
pressure are widely seen as issues that tend to rise or fall
with the economy: Bethlehem Steel lost 1/2 to 14 3/8;
Goodyear Tire fell 1 3/8 to 63 3/8; and International
Business Machines lost 1 to 91 1/4.
   Texaco fell 1 to 58 3/4 and Exxon dropped 3/4 to 58,
reflecting a broader sell-off of oil companies.
   Nonetheless, analysts and traders said investors still
seemed to be generally moving into stocks that should perform
well as the economy recovers.
   "People are starting to believe that the recovery is
really on its way," said John Peluso, head of block trading
at Shearson Lehman. "At least they have a lot more hope after
{Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan} Greenspan's comments."
Mr. Greenspan on Tuesday told a Senate committee that he
expressed no opposition to fiscal stimulus as long as it is
"modest."
   Soaring airline stocks, which pumped the Dow Jones
Transportation Average up 15.41 to 1383.41, were evidence of
that conviction, Mr. Peluso said.
   Moreover, airlines reported Tuesday and yesterday that
passenger traffic in January had improved significantly from
a year ago, when travel was hampered by the Persian Gulf War.
UAL Corp. jumped 1 3/4 to 149 7/8; Delta gained 1 1/2 to 69
1/4; and Southwest Air added 7/8 to 34 1/2. AMR, parent of
American Airlines, which hasn't yet reported January traffic,
rose 1 5/8 to 73 1/8.
   Enthusiasm for airline stocks may portend well for the
larger market, said Kevin Murphy, an analyst at Morgan
Stanley. Like the broader market, airline stocks were
initially buoyed by declining interest rates but then jumped
even higher with signs of a pickup in business, he said.
   But Gail Dudack, chief market strategist at S.G. Warburg,
warns that investors shouldn't forget talk of a market
correction, which dominated Wall Street conversation last
week.
   "An internal correction has clearly been taking place,"
she said, referring to the sell-off of some stocks that are
considered overvalued just as investors buy other stocks that
are seen to be cheap. Such internal corrections usually end
up overvaluing a broad part of the stock market, leading to a
"final washout when the whole market sells off," she said.
"My advice is to be cautious here."
   Retailing stocks rose. Sears added 2 1/2 to 42 3/8 on
volume of 1.08 million shares, compared with a daily average
of 663,782. The retailing giant Monday reported earnings of
$1.48 a share for the fourth quarter, higher than the average
of $1.34 projected in a survey of 11 analysts by First Call,
a unit of Thompson Financial Networks. Among other retailers
gaining yesterday: Limited added 1 1/4 to 32 3/8; Gap jumped
3/4 to 54 3/4; and AnnTaylor rose 5/8 to 22 1/8.
   Federated Department Stores, another retailer, was in its
first day of trading the most active Big Board stock, with
volume of 6.67 million shares. Federated started trading on a
when-issued basis, with actual shares to be distributed
during the week of Feb. 17, as part of the company's
bankruptcy reorganization plan. About 80.5 million shares of
the reorganized Federated's stock are outstanding, although
roughly 75% of those shares are locked up for the next year
and a half by a shareholders agreement that restricts stock
sales.
   Pacific Enterprises was pummeled 6 to 18 7/8 on trading of
3.17 million shares, compared with a daily average of
145,055. SP said it reduced its rating on the naturalgas
holding company's preferred stock to double-B-plus from
triple-B, and downgraded the rating on the commercial paper
to single-A-3 from single-A-2. The ratings agency said the
downgrade reflected "the continuing slide in operating
profits at Pacific Enterprises' retailing, oil and gas
businesses."
   Acuson plunged 8 to 22 7/8 on trading of 4.29 million
shares, compared with a daily average of 202,818. The medical
ultrasound imaging company disclosed fourth-quarter earnings
of 42 cents a share, close to the target projected by eight
analysts in a First Call survey. Investors were disappointed,
however, to hear the company say it expected to earn about 37
cents a share in the first quarter, rather than the 44 cents
analysts had forecast.
   Convex jumped 1 1/4 to 16 1/8. The developer and marketer
of supercomputers said Tuesday that the National Center for
Supercomputing Applications in Champagne, Ill., had ordered a
$10 million unit.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.56
to 415.24. Volume was 19,505,000 shares, compared with
20,050,000 Tuesday. There were 302 issues advancing and 293
declining.
   Xytronyx lost 2 1/2 to 16. A shareholder group has sued
the company for failing to disclose information regarding the
prospects for Food and Drug Administration approval of
Xytronyx's peridontal tissue monitor kit.