World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Retreat on Anxiety About Recovery
   Of Firms' Profits; Jitters Depress London Prices
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
In early trading Friday, the Nikkei index rose 229.38
points to 21093.80.
   Thursday's first-section volume improved to an estimated
300 million shares from 237.5 million shares on Wednesday,
helped by active cross-trading, which has a neutral effect on
stock prices. Cross-trading often increases near the end of
the fiscal year, March 31, as investors shift shares between
accounts in a bid to improve performance. Losing issues
Thursday outnumbered gainers, 699-255, and 150 ended
unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which fell 5.21 points Wednesday, was
down 13.49 at 1523.73.
   The market opened lower in the wake of Wall Street's
Wednesday decline and the yen's sharp weakening. Reports that
the Japanese government planned to announce measures Friday
to boost the economy failed to push the market up, as
investors were increasingly pessimistic about corporate
earnings not only for the current fiscal year but also for
next year. Futures prices also sank, prompting a some
arbitrage selling of stocks. Futures prices were depressed in
part because of a rumor that deposit requirements for futures
trading would be doubled, starting March 23. Officials at the
Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges said they weren't planning
any move regarding the deposits, though they didn't rule it
out eventually.
   Tokyo consumer-electronics blue chips lost ground in
selling by corporate investors and investment trust funds.
Pension funds, which have been buying electronics on any
declines during the past few weeks, were discouraged by the
downward trend for these shares, and shifted their buying
interest to regional banks and environment-theme issues.
Other losers included securities firms and steelmakers, both
of which are likely to post declines in profit for this year
and next year. Pharmaceutical shares attracted buying, then
fell back on profit-taking.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index fell 20.1 points to 2538.3. The FT 30-stock index
dropped 17.9 points to 1970.6. Volume improved to 608.4
million shares from 530.5 million shares a day earlier.
   Selling in stock-index futures contracts made for a gloomy
London stock market. Investors ran for cover on rumors of a
bankruptcy-law filing by a large North American company;
participants were unnerved by the perception that several
major British banks could be hurt by such a filing. This
speculation also took its toll on property companies traded
in London. In addition, investors were trying to keep
positions as flat as possible ahead of next week's government
budget and the expected announcement of the date for
Britain's general election. Moreover, sentiment was damaged
by a poll that showed the opposition Labor Party ahead of the
ruling Conservatives by five points in 50 constituencies.
London stocks also were hampered by Wall Street's sputtering
start Thursday.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index gained 5.75 points to
1764.80, near the intraday high. Advances and retreats by DAX
stocks were about even, 14-13. Shares recovered from a weaker
opening caused by softness in New York and Tokyo, gaining in
fits and starts as interest in auto stocks increased, partly
because of the dollar's gains in foreign-exchange markets.
Domestic funds determined their portfolios were underweighted
in auto issues and insurers.
   Big bourses elsewhere had weak performances overall. Milan
stocks ended widely lower as the market's gloomy prospects
triggered a sell-off. Zurich shares' broad decline was
pressured by high domestic interest rates.
   Only Hong Kong scored a gain among the big Asian and
Pacific exchanges. Hong Kong shares rose moderately in active
trading to a sixth record close in the past seven sessions,
after early declines were overwhelmed by late buying. Manila
stocks' decline was the fourth in a row, linked to
bearishness about May elections. Wellington equities' drop
was the third in a row. Amid Seoul stock prices' tumble, many
big manufacturing and financial issues sank to their bottom
limits.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Rolls-Royce
climbed 6 pence, or 4.3%, to 146 pence ($2.52). The aircraft
engine maker's 1991 pretax profit plummeted 71% to #51
million ($87.9 million) from a year earlier, because of
economic recession hurting the military and civil aviation
markets and #58 million of special restructuring charges. The
results were worse than most previous market forecasts, but
investors were cheered by Rolls-Royce's decision to maintain
its final dividend at 7.25 pence a share; omitting the payout
had been considered a possibility.
   Ladbroke Group rose 5, or 2.2%, to 229. The hotel and
gambling company's 1991 pretax profit fell 29% to #210.4
million, at the top of market expectations, as Ladbroke had a
smaller-than-expected #12.4 million property loss. The
dividend, as expected, was raised 5.1% to 11.15 pence a
share.
   In Sydney, Bridge Oil rose 2 Australian cents, or 5%, to
42 cents (32 U.S. cents). The company posted 1991 profit of
28.7 million Australian dollars (US$21.7 million), compared
with a year-earlier loss of A$81.3 million. Goodman Fielder
Wattie added 1 cent to A$1.46. The food company's after-tax
operating profit for the first half ended Dec. 31 rose 15% to
A$77 million, which Goodman Fielder termed disappointing but
in line with its own expectations.
   In Amsterdam, Heineken fell 3.30 guilders, or 1.9%, to
166.60 guilders ($88.70). After the market closed, the brewer
reported a 21% increase in 1991 profit to 442.9 million
guilders ($235.8 million), boosted by an extraordinary gain
of 33.2 million guilders. The results were better than the
market had been expecting. Heineken also maintained its
annual dividend at 3.50 guilders a share; after an interim
dividend of 1.50 guilders, this means the final payout will
be 2.00 guilders. The company will propose issuing a bonus
share for each four shares investors hold; bonus shares would
participate in 1992 earnings. And it will pay out of its
revaluation reserves a cash dividend of 0.694 guilder for
each share an investor held prior to the bonus issue.
   ---
   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % This
                                  Mar 4     Mar 3     Year

 U.S. ..........................  383.6     386.6   -  1.7
 Britain .......................  761.9     763.8   +  3.4
 Canada ........................  405.3     404.4   +  2.4
 Japan .........................  885.2     889.1   - 10.5
 France ........................  560.4     558.7   + 12.0
 Germany .......................  271.9     272.1   + 11.7
 Hong Kong ..................... 3645.9    3605.8   + 17.8
 Switzerland ...................  227.3     227.1   + 10.8
 Australia .....................  344.9     346.1   -  1.8
 World index ...................  507.6     510.9   -  5.2