Volkswagen Unit
   In U.S. to Cut 25%
   Of Its Work Force
   ----
   By Jacqueline Mitchell
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Volkswagen said the latest round of cutbacks will affect
about 300 of the 1,200 workers at its Volkswagen U.S. and
Audi of America divisions. A spokeswoman said the reduction
will be achieved through early-retirement buy-outs and
dismissals. The company said that it plans to notify affected
employees by April, and that dismissals will be effective May
1.
   Volkswagen said it wants to restructure its staff and
streamline operations to make the company a "leaner, meaner
organization." A spokeswoman added that this isn't a sign the
German auto maker is planning to leave the U.S. market. "We
absolutely are not leaving the U.S.," she said. "Volkswagen
is committed to the U.S. It is a very important market to
us."
   Both Volkswagen and Audi sales have been stalled in the
past few years. At its peak in the early 1970s, Volkswagen
sold more cars in the U.S. than all other foreign car makers
combined. But Volkswagen lost ground to surging Japanese auto
makers and hasn't been able to regain its lost market share.
   Audi, Volkswagen's luxury car arm, hasn't been able to
make a comeback from the sudden-acceleration scare in the
mid-1980s. Audi's sales peaked at 74,241 cars in 1985 but
have since plunged to 12,261 cars in 1991.
   Still, Volkswagen believes it's approaching a turning
point. Last fall, Audi introduced a redesigned Audi 100 sedan
priced at $27,700 -- about $1,500 lower than the
least-expensive 1991 model. And this fall, Volkswagen will
introduce its redesigned Jetta sedan and Golf hatchback.
   "The cars were launched in Europe last year, and they are
doing very well," the spokeswoman said. "We're optimistic. On
the Volkswagen side, sales have been down partly because we
haven't had any new products."