OTC Focus:
   Slump in Industrials and Bond Prices
   Sends Nasdaq Composite Down Sharply
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Greenspan, in testimony before the Senate Banking
Committee, said the central bank has probably already cut
interest rates sufficiently to spark an economic recovery.
Much of the recent strength in stocks has been built around
optimism about lower rates.
   The Dow Jones Industrial Average quickly shed its earlier
gains after Mr. Greenspan's comments and fell by more than 50
points before recovering to close at 3224.96, down 47.18.
Long-term Treasury bond prices fell nearly $10 for each
$1,000 face amount, pushing some long-term interest rates to
7.8%.
   The Nasdaq Composite Index, which as late as 2:30 p.m. EST
was up more than three points, closed with a loss of 4.98, or
0.80%, to 616.31. Declining issues outnumbered advancers
1,274 to 937.
   The Nasdaq index fluctuated in a wide 10-point range
during the session. At its high it was just 4.50 below its
record closing level of 630.82, which it set Jan. 15.
   Trading activity intensified late in the afternoon.
National Market System volume totaled a heavy 207,230,430
shares, up from Tuesday's 187,689,200 shares.
   The industrial average, which finished Tuesday at a high,
recovered little from its session low yesterday, closing with
a loss of 1.44%. The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index
lost 2.31, or 1.01%.
   "The bottom line is investors are relatively nervous
here," said James Volk, director of OTC institutional trading
at Charles Schwab  Co. Institutions and other market
players, he said, continue to take profits in stocks that
have had the largest gains of late.
   Barry Berman, head of equity trading at Robert W. Baird 
Co., said the prospect of higher interest rates scares stock
investors. Investors have been "betting that we are going to
get a recovery. If rates start to move up now they will
squash the recovery before it even gets going," he said.
   A similar situation was played out on a small scale within
the over-the-counter market. Several health-care related new
issues soared in early trading after coming to the market,
only to be beaten back later by the general market retreat.
   Protein Design Labs reached a high of 18 3/4 before
settling back to 15 1/8 at the close, just above its
$15-a-share initial offering price. Matrix Pharmaceuticals
climbed to 18 1/4 from its offering level of $15 before
finishing the session at 15 3/4.
   The offerings -- each totaling 3.5 million shares -- were
increased in price and size from their expected levels.
Protein Design's issue was to have totaled just 2.5 million
shares, priced at $10 to $12 a share. Matrix was to have sold
2.5 million shares at $11 to $13.
   Another IPO, AdvaCare closed at 15 1/4, up from its
offering price of $14.50 but off its session high of 16 1/2.
Its 4.4 millionshare issue was unchanged in size from
expectations but it was priced above the planned $12 to $13 a
share.
   Elsewhere, Sun Microsystems dropped 4 to 29 7/8 despite
its report late Tuesday of better-than-expected
second-quarter earnings. The computer workstation
manufacturer told analysts its profit margins have been
depressed by competitive pressures, Dow Jones Professional
Investor Report said. Nonetheless, Sun earned 47 cents a
share in the second quarter, up from 39 cents a share a year
earlier, and above the mean analyst estimate of 43 cents a
share as reported by First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial
Networks.
   Burritt Interfinancial shares lost more than half of their
value, dropping 1 7/8 to 1 1/2. The company posted a
fourth-quarter loss and said it is considering a downsizing
or merger to help boost its deficient capital ratio. The
ratio improved slightly during the quarter to 2.57% in
December from 2.5% in September but remains below regulatory
requirements. The New Britain, Conn., savings bank operator
had a fourthquarter loss of seven cents a share, compared
with a year-earlier loss of $3.03 a share.
   Software Spectrum jumped 3 3/4 to 21 1/4 after the company
reported net income of 40 cents a share for the third quarter
ended Dec. 31, up from net of 28 cents a share a year
earlier. Sales at the Garland, Texas, company advanced to
$43.7 million from $33.5 million.
   Paccar's shares gained 2 1/2 to 54 after it posted
earnings of 57 cents a share for the fourth quarter, up
sharply from 17 cents a share a year earlier. It attributed
the increase, in part, to the absence of restructuring
charges in the latest period.
   Statesman Group rose 3/8 to 6 1/2 after the company
increased its estimate of 1991 earnings to $2 a share, from a
previous estimate of $1.60. Statesman said it realized more
gains than it had expected in the fourth quarter from the
sale of investments. A year earlier, the company had a loss
of 78 cents a share.
   Roadway Services climbed 4 to 71 1/4 after the trucking
concern reported fourthquarter earnings of $1.32 a share,
compared with $1.17 a share last year. Analysts surveyed by
First Call had expected latest quarter net of about $1.14 a
share.
   Value Health slipped 1/2 to 31 1/2. An issue of 2.5
million additional shares of its common stock was offered at
$31.25.
   Advanced Marketing gained 1/2 to 6 1/8. It reported net
income of 38 cents a share for the third quarter ended last
month, up from eight cents a share a year earlier. Sales rose
to $84.8 million from $68.5 million.
   Laserscope lost 1 to 7 7/8. Late yesterday, the company
reported a fourth-quarter loss of 28 cents a share, compared
with net income of 36 cents a share a year earlier. It
attributed the loss to engineering and marketing expenses.