Winter Olympics 1992:
   Television Highlights
   ----
   By Kevin Goldman
Bonnie Blair, a gold medal winner in the 500-meter speed
skating event four years ago, takes to the oval tonight. The
27-year-old from Champaign, Ill., is one of America's best
medal hopes.
   The final two runs of the men's singles luge will be
decided, and the sled riders will get their first prime time
TV exposure of these Games. But the U.S.'s best hope for a
medal, Duncan Kennedy of Lake Placid, N.Y., was well off the
medal pace after the first day of competition.
                                                                                                       

   CBS Wins in Ratings
                                                                                                       

   For the formal opening ceremonies Saturday night, CBS was
watched by 15.9% of homes, beating NBC's 10.5% and ABC's
8.0%, according to preliminary Nielsen ratings from the
nation's largest 25 cities.
   TNT will begin its regular weekday coverage of the Games
today.
                                                                                                       

   Opening Antics
                                                                                                       

   The three-hour ceremony wasn't without its oddball
highlights, including French President Francois Mitterrand
doing the Wave with the others in the stands and the women
who led each team into the stadium while wearing huge
snowballs.
   The sleepy commentary from Tim McCarver and Paula Zahn
left some wondering whether the duo was still suffering from
jet lag.
   Our favorite touch: The 300-foot-long wind socks that
resembled giant worms. Things we could have done without:
Dave Frishberg's uninspiring music video "Report from the
Planet Earth," accompanied by shots of headline-making
events.
                                                                                                       

   First Monday
                                                                                                       

   Four years ago, the first night of competition on ABC
attracted 18.1% of homes. CBS needed 17% for last night's
telecast to meet advertiser guarantees.
   ---
                    Monday, February 10
                                                                                                       

      7-9 a.m.              1-6 p.m.             8-11 p.m.
       CBS                    TNT                  CBS
                                                                                                       

   -- Hockey: live         -- Hockey: live       -- Luge
      (U.T. vs. Norway)       (Can. vs. Switz.)     (men's
   -- Luge                 -- Luge                  singles)
      (men's singles)         (men's singles)    -- Speed
   -- Alpine skiing        -- Speed skating         skating
      (men's combined         long track            long
      downhill)               (women's 500 m.)      track
   -- Cross-country        -- Ski jumping           (women's
      skiing                  (90 m.-tape           500 m.)
      (men's 30 km.)           from Sunday)      -- Alpine
   -- Speed skating                                 skiing
      (preview)                                     (men's
                                                    combined
                                                    down-
                                                    hill)