New Securities Issues
due March 15, 1997, was priced as 7 1/2% at 99.562 to yield
7.606%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 100
basis points above the comparable Treasury. Rated single-A-3
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by
Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Hertz Corp. -- $100 million issue of senior notes, due
March 11, 1999, was priced as 8 1/2% at 99.45 to yield 8.23%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 127.5 basis
points above the Treasury's seven-year note. Rated Baa-1 by
Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
                                                                                                       


                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The
offering, Series Gold 1244, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%
mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 8.70% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 29.67 years. The issue settles April 29.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Au Bon Pain Co. -- An issue of 1,631,500 Class A common
shares was priced at $16.50 a share. The shares, which
started trading Friday, were priced late Thursday through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley.
   Meris Labs Inc. -- An issue of 1.9 million common shares
was priced at $15 a share through underwriters led by
Robertson Stephens  Co.
   Wells Fargo  Co. -- An issue of 6.4 million shares of
cumulative preferred was priced at $25 a share with a
dividend to yield 8.875%. The issue, which is noncallable for
five years, is rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B by SP. It
will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Crown Crafts Inc. -- 1.7 million of its common shares are
being offered at $15.25 each by underwriters led by William
Blair  Co. and Wheat First Butcher  Singer Capital Markets.
The company is selling 1,214,000 shares, and holders are
selling 486,000 shares.
                                                                                                       

                           OTHER
                                                                                                       

   Kingdom of Thailand -- $300 million issue of notes, due
March 15, 2002, was priced as 8 1/4% at 99.67 to yield
8.299%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 100
basis points above the comparable Treasury. Rated single-A-2
by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Societe General Australia Ltd. (French parent) -- $100
million (Australian) of 9 1/2% Eurobonds due April 13, 1995,
at an issue price of 101.50 via Merrill Lynch International.
Guaranteed by Societe Generale. Fees 1 1/2.
   Deutsche Bank Australia (Melb.) Ltd. (German parent) --
A$125 million of 9 3/4% Eurobonds due April 8, 1997, at an
issue price of 101.625 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd.
Guaranteed by Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 2.
   Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Turino (London branch)
(Italian parent) -- 200 billion lire of 11.70% Eurobonds due
March 20, 1997, at an issue price of 101.80, which yield
11.72% after discounting fees via Istituto Bancario San Paolo
di Turino S.p.A. (London branch). Fees 1 7/8.
   Sumitomo Realty  Development Co. (Japan) -- 60 billion
yen in three separate transactions: 10 billion yen of
floating-rate notes due June 25, 1997, at par with the
interest rate floating at a margin of 60 basis points below
the Long Term Price Rate of Japan via Salomon Brothers
International; interest payable semiannually, and there is a
short first coupon. Fees 0.30. Also, 20 billion yen of 6%
Eurobonds due June 25, 1997, issued at 101.625 and reoffered
at 100.25 via Nikko Securities Co. Fees 1 5/8. Also, 30
billion yen of 6% Eurobonds due June 25, 1997, at an issue
price of 101.80 and reoffered at par via Daiwa Europe Ltd.
Fees 1 7/8.
   Eurofima (supranational) -- 75 million European currency
units of 6 5/8% Eurobonds due Sept. 1, 1999, at an issue
price of 102.725 via Daiwa Europe Ltd. Reoffered at 101.125
and will trade interchangeably with an existing issue that
was originally launched in July 1989 and subsequently
reopened. With this latest addition, the new total of the
bond is ECU 260 million. 210 days accrued interest. Fees
undisclosed.