Business Brief:
   Unocal Plans to Merge With Subsidiary,
   Eliminating Vestige of Pickens Battle
Unocal said the merger is subject to the usual terms and
conditions, and is expected to be completed by May 2.
Unocal's stock was quoted at $21, down 62.5 cents in late
trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, while
Unocal Exploration was quoted at $11.375, up $1.50.
   In 1985, Unocal formed Union Exploration Partners as a
master limited partnership as part of its effort to fend off
Mr. Pickens. Mr. Pickens lost his bid for control, but Unocal
paid dearly for its independence by swelling its long-term
debt to $5.3 billion to buy back stock and take other steps.
   The limited partnership held about 45% of Unocal's
domestic oil and natural gas reserves, including
substantially all its exploration and production business in
the Gulf of Mexico. Those partnerships, touted by Mr. Pickens
and others, had become popular in the industry as an
efficient way to pay out cash flow to investors and take
advantage of tax loopholes.
   In 1990, the partnership was converted to a Delaware
corporation and changed names to Unocal Exploration, with
holders receiving one share for each partnership unit held.
Unocal attributed the conversion to changes in tax laws and a
shifting climate for oil and gas exploration.
   Several investors filed suits over the change, alleging
among other things that investors lost income and substantial
tax benefits. Those cases are pending in federal court, a
Unocal spokesman said.