Empire State Building
   Is Target of Complaint
   Under Disabilities Act
The Americans With Disabilities Act mandates that owners
and operators of public spaces make their buildings
accessible to the disabled.
   The complaint names Prudential Insurance Co. Realty, a
unit of Prudential Insurance Co. of America, as the owner,
although E.G. Holding Co., a company controlled by investor
Oliver Grace Jr., bought the building last November. The
manager of the building, named in the complaint, is
Helmsley-Spear Inc., a New York real estate concern.
   "Our hope certainly is that we can work this out and that
the observation deck can be made more accessible," said a
spokeswoman for the Disability Law Center.
   Stephen Tole, vice president of Helmsley-Spear and general
manager of the Empire State Building, said in a statement
that the architects of the building in the 1920s "failed to
appreciate the needs of the physically challenged in creating
the rather limited corridors and stairways that ring the
observation deck at the Empire State." Mr. Tole added that
Helmsley-Spear had awarded a contract to an architectural
firm to determine how to remove barriers to the disabled in
the 61-year-old building.
   The Disability Law Center also said it is planning to file
complaints against the owners and managers of several other
Manhattan buildings, including the Intercontinental Hotel.