SEC Orders Reebok
   To Let Shareholders
   Vote on Pay Proposal
However, John Brosseau, special counsel of the SEC's
division of corporate finance, wrote: "In view of the
widespread public debate concerning executive compensation .
. . proposals relating to senior executive compensation no
longer can be considered matters relating to ordinary
business." Ordinary business isn't subject to shareholder
votes at annual meetings.
   The New York Retirement System, which held 166,928 Reebok
shares when it made the proposal last fall, has $20 billion
in pension funds. Its proposal calls for restricting the
compensation committee to board members who aren't paid by
Reebok except as board members, don't work for it or
significant suppliers or customers, and other conditions.
   John P. Douglas, Reebok's vice president and general
counsel, said the only part of the rule that would affect
current members of Reebok's compensation committee is one
that says members can't be in the final year of their three
year terms as director. He said Reebok directors will
recommend shareholders turn down the proposal.
   Reebok Chairman Paul Fireman had been routinely ranked
among the nation's best paid executives, averaging $13.6
million a year from 1985 to 1990 under a unique pact that
paid him $357,200 in salary plus 5% of the amount by which
Reebok's pretax earnings topped $20 million.
   However, in 1990, Reebok rewrote his contract to give him
$1 million in salary and up to $1 million in bonuses a year.
Oddly, some compensation experts then said this action might
lead to a slowdown in the salary surge nationally. Most
compensation crtics agree that executive salaries have kept
on rising.