Technology:
   ATT Unit Boosts
   Transmission Rate
   On Optical System
   ----
   By John J. Keller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The distances and error rates are important because they
show that the light signals can be fired at very high speeds
across the Atlantic or Pacific through undersea systems and
come out the other end relatively unchanged. This would
improve telecommunications service and lower the cost of
providing it, ATT scientists said.
   Solitons are light pulses that maintain their shape over
long distances. Such powerful waves were first noted by John
Russell, a 19th-century Scottish shipbuilder and engineer. He
followed on horseback a wave's progress through the Union
Canal outside Edinburgh and noted that the wave rolled on
without losing its shape.
   ATT said Dr. Mollenauer's team used time-division
multiplexing -- in which bits of information from one stream
of data are electronically placed into the spaces of another
-- to double the previous transmission record of 2.5 gigabits
of data per second. Wavelength-division multiplexing, which
transmits data on two wavelengths, was used to quadruple the
capacity to 10 gigabits, ATT said.
   While ATT plans to use Mr. Mollenauer's designs in its
undersea systems, "a number of technical issues need to be
resolved before we'll know when this technology might be
deployed," said Peter Runge, head of Bell Labs' Undersea
Lightwave System Implementation Department.
   Dr. Mollenauer presented his findings last week at a
conference on optical-fiber communications in San Jose,
Calif.