Promus Is Cleared
   Of Claims in Lawsuit
   Over Harrah's Marina
Analysts said the decision by the New Jersey district
court alleviated concerns that the company would have been
unable to cover damages that Promus had estimated could run
as high as $1 billion.
   The suit was brought against Holiday Inns Inc., a
subsidiary of Holiday Corp., from which Promus had been spun
off in 1990. The case involves the 1981 purchase by Holiday
Inns of Mr. Walter's interest in Harrah's Marina Hotel Casino
in Atlantic City, N.J. Mr. Walter and Holiday Inns were
originally 50-50 partners in the property.
   Mr. Walter sued Holiday Inns, alleging partly that Holiday
Inns breached its fiduciary duty and wrongfully induced him
to sell at an inadequate price. The casino hotel is now the
"biggest single money maker" for Promus, accounting for $65
million in operating income in 1991, said Joseph Doyle, an
analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Promus said it assumed responsibility for any future
liability related to the suit at the time it was spun off
from Holiday Corp. The company spent at least $20 million on
legal costs in the suit, said Michael Mueller, analyst with
Montgomery Securities.
   In early January, the court dismissed key claims in the
suit, which included returning Mr. Walter's partnership to
him and awarding punitive damages.
   In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock
Exchange, Promus shares jumped $2.50 to $29.125.