Business Brief:
   General Cinema Posts Operating Profit
   Of $27.7 Million For Fiscal 1st Quarter
In the latest quarter, General Cinema said it had an
extraordinary gain of $419.6 million, mainly from the
purchase of Harcourt debt at a discount, making net income
$447.2 million, or $5.66 a share. Revenue fell to $883
million from $886.6 million.
   The Chestnut Hill, Mass., company said its improved
earnings reflect sharply lower interest charges following its
purchase of Harcourt.
   Kara Cheseby, an analyst at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc.,
said the operating results were "a modestly positive
surprise." She noted that Neiman Marcus Group unit posted its
first same-store sales increase in nearly a year and that
publishing profits rose because of reduced amortization and
higher sales. This offset weakness at the theater group.
   Operating earnings in the publishing business rose to $9.9
million from $5.1 million a year earlier. The business
benefited "from a strong performance from medical publishing
and testing products as well as reduced operating losses in
the elementary and secondary textbook businesses," said
Robert J. Tarr Jr., president and chief executive officer.
But the gains were partly offset by lower earnings from
college publishing, due to weak sales, he added.
   The theater division's operating profit fell to $6 million
from $8.3 million a year earlier.
   In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday,
General Cinema closed at $21.25, up 87.5 cents.