Credit Suisse Posts
   57% Annual Net Rise,
   Plans Dividend Boost
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Last week, Union Bank of Switzerland announced an increase
of 36% in consolidated profit, to a record 1.22 billion
francs in 1991. Swiss Bank Corp. reported a 25% jump in
profit for last year, reaching a record 1.03 billion francs.
   Unlike UBS or Swiss Bank Corp., Credit Suisse said it will
propose March 26, at its annual meeting, a dividend increase
to 23 francs per bearer and registered share, up from 20
francs. This follows an earlier announced 5-for-1 share split
of the bearer shares. Credit Suisse had cut its dividend over
1990, when the Swiss banking industry generally posted drops
in profits.
   In restoring the pre-1990 dividends, the bank's president,
Robert Jeker, said the group managed to "re-establish its
long-term earnings trend" and called 1990's poor results
"merely an exception to the rule." The bank's group profit
was up by 8% in 1991, when compared with 783 million francs
in 1989.
   Although Credit Suisse net profit showed a strong
performance, the banking group was plagued by a 61% rise in
losses, write-downs and provisions to 1.14 billion francs in
1991 from 705 million francs in 1990. The other large Swiss
banks were similarly hit by a rising need for provisions,
largely because of problems with loans in the U.S., the U.K.
and the Swiss real-estate market.
   Mr. Jeker said his bank group has "made appropriate
provisions for all apparent risk positions" and added that
the "ratio of risk exposure to assets is very reasonable,"
with a "healthy level of asset diversification by country and
sector."