International:
   Procordia AB Says
   Pretax Profit Tripled
   To $5.5 Million in '91
Sales climbed 4% last year to 38.4 billion kronor from 37
billion kronor a year earlier, Procordia said.
   However, Procordia directors disappointed investors here
by failing to shed new light on the company's proposed 38.7
billion Swedish kronor reverse takeover of troubled auto
maker AB Volvo. The proposal has languished for weeks because
of opposition from the Swedish government.
   Volvo and the Swedish state share power in Procordia with
respective voting stakes of 42.7%. The Conservative-led
cabinet spurned terms of Procordia's bid for Volvo-and also
complained the proposed transaction failed to pass muster on
industrial grounds.
   Procordia's board "noted that negotiations between the
Swedish government and Volvo are still proceeding and that a
number of alternatives are being considered with a view to
finding a solution that satisfies both parties." A Procordia
spokesman declined to elaborate.
   Volvo's B-free stock, the class of equity most traded
internationally, dropped three kronor to 397 kronor a share
on the Stockholm exchange, while Procordia's B-free stock
lost four kronor, closing at 203 kronor a share. Volvo shares
languish more than 50 kronor a share below the theoretical
level of Procordia's bid -- underscoring investors' pessimism
about chances of the offer succeeding.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   PROCORDIA AB's pretax profit tripled last year to 3.3
billion kronor, or $547.3 million. In Friday's edition, the
U.S. dollar equivalent was misstated.
   (WSJ March 18, 1992)