Economy:
   Early 1992 Car Sales Fell to Anemic Pace;
   Retail Results Sagged 0.4% in December
   ---
   Annual Rate of 5.3 Million
   Trailed Previous Month
   And Weak '91 for Autos
   ----
   By Joseph B. White
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The dismal early January sales reinforced an emerging
consensus among industry executives and analysts that the
U.S. auto market is so depressed it has nowhere to go but up.
   "I think we've seen the bottom," Allan Gilmour, head of
Ford Motor Co.'s world-wide auto operations, said during a
conference sponsored by Automotive News, a trade journal,
Monday night. "From here it should gradually get a little
better."
   Early January sales were discouraging, however. Sales of
North American-made cars and trucks fell 3.8% from the weak
year-before period. The seasonally adjusted annual selling
pace in the latest 10day period was the lowest for early
January since 1987. In that early January period, the selling
pace for domestic cars fell to a 4.9 million-vehicle rate
following a buying frenzy in late 1986.
   Despite the latest results, analysts say the elements of a
turnaround are falling into place. Gasoline prices are low.
Mortgage and car-loan rates are coming down in response to
aggressive easing by the Federal Reserve. Most of the cars
bought during the 1986 sales bonanza finally are paid off.
   Those factors are leading investors to bid stocks of the
Big Three auto makers up from their pre-Christmas lows. In
late trading on the New York Stock Exchangem, General Motors
Corp. common stock was quoted at $32, up $1; Ford Motor Co.
at $31.50, up 62.5 cents; and Chrysler Corp. at $13.75, up
62.5 cents.
   Stocks of several large automotive suppliers have surged
in recent days. Investors are betting that vehicle production
will bounce back later in the year. In the meantime, demand
for replacement parts will strengthen as consumers repair
aging cars, said Morgan Stanley analyst Scott Merlis. One
beneficiary is Goodyear Tire  Rubber Co., which was quoted
at $57.875, up $2.625, in late trading on the Big Board.
   There's also anecdotal evidence that more consumers are
thinking about new cars. In Detroit, attendance for the
opening two days of the North American International auto
show last weekend jumped 22% from last year, when fears of
the Persian Gulf War shook consumers. Other regional auto
shows also are reporting stronger attendance.
   "People are coming to the car shows. They're interested.
Loan rates are down," said PaineWebber analyst Stephen
Girsky. "It's a question of the last piece of the puzzle,
consumer confidence. We're missing that piece."
   And without a strong tonic for depressed consumer
confidence, new-vehicle sales could remain weak for several
more months, dealers and analysts say.
   "Consumers will still wire their cars together for another
six months before the recovery gets going," Mr. Merlis said.
He adds that first- and second-quarter earnings for the Big
Three auto makers could be lower than currently expected.
   The heavy discounts most major auto makers are offering to
keep sales from falling further won't help Detroit reverse
its steep losses. Mr. Gilmour said rebates cost Ford a total
of $5 billion to $6 billion in 1991, up from $4 billion a
year earlier. And Ford yesterday slapped $1,500 rebates on
its three Lincoln luxury models. The move was a reaction to
similar price cuts on certain models sold by GM's Cadillac
division, a Ford spokesman said. Ford also extended discounts
on most other models until Feb. 4.
   Meanwhile, early January results offered only modest
comfort for Detroit executives hopeful that consumers would
"Buy American" in the wake of President Bush's trade mission
to Japan. That trip highlighted Detroit's complaints that
Japanese car makers are out to destroy the American industry.
Chrysler Chairman Lee A. Iacocca delivered a tough,
anti-Japanese speech upon his return from Japan Friday.
   While the president was in Japan last week, sales of
U.S.-made Nissan Motor Co. cars and trucks fell 25.1%, while
Toyota Motor Corp.'s overall car and truck sales dropped
8.4%. But Honda Motor Co.'s total car sales edged up 2.1% in
early January from a year earlier, on the strength of the
company's Ohio-built Accord and Civic models.
   Ford's total car and truck sales were up 2.7% in the Jan.
1-10 period. But No. 1 auto maker GM suffered an 11.5% drop
in sales during the period, reflecting poor performances by
nearly all of its high-volume car lines and a 40.2% dive in
Cadillac sales.
   "There could be a little Japan-bashing going on," said
Fort Worth, Texas, dealer Charlie R. Hillard, pointing to
weak sales at his Mazda Motor Corp. dealership. But Mr.
Hillard said sales of Toyota's Lexus luxury cars are still
"strong as a bear" at his dealership. In Wilmington, Del.,
dealer Frank Ursomarso said he has seen no shift in buying
patterns among his two GM franchises and his Honda and BMW
showrooms. "People buy what they perceive as the best value.
They don't care where it comes from," he said.
   In Detroit, however, feelings are running high. Vandals
damaged several Honda cars on display at the Detroit auto
show. And a suburban Toyota dealership was picketed yesterday
by demonstrators waving American flags.
   Toyota is waving an American flag of its own, however.
It's running television advertisements that feature workers
at its Georgetown, Ky., factory.
   ---
   Andrea Puchalsky contributed to this article.
   (See related story: "Sales for 1991 Increased 0.7%,
Smallest Rise in 30 Years, Outpaced by Inflation" -- WSJ Jan.
15, 1992)
   ---
         RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a
                                                                                                       

                           1992            1991          %
                        Jan 01-10       Jan 01-10       Chg.
                                                                                                       

 GM total vehicles ....   77,699          87,775       -11.5
   Domestic car .......   46,355          55,182       -16.0
   Imported car .......    1,400           2,448       -42.8
     Total car ........   47,755          57,630       -17.1
   Domestic truck .....   29,893          30,106       - 0.7
   Imported truck .....       51              39       +30.8
     Total truck ......   29,944          30,145       - 0.7
                                                                                                       

 FORD total vehicles ..   55,245          53,769       + 2.7
   Domestic car .......   30,118          29,680       + 1.5
   Imported car .......    1,241           1,030       +20.5
     Total car ........   31,359          30,710       + 2.1
   Domestic truck .....   23,886          23,059       + 3.6
                                                                                                       

 CHRYSLER total veh ...   28,095          26,850       + 4.6
   Domestic car ....... e-10,100        e-13,200       -23.5
   Imported car .......  e-1,120           e-950       +17.9
     Total car ........   11,220          14,150       -20.7
   Domestic truck ..... e-16,800        e-12,540       +34.0
   Imported truck .....     e-75           e-160       -53.1

                                                                                                       

 HONDA total vehicles .   11,765          11,527       + 2.1
   Domestic car .......    6,428           5,674       +13.3
   Imported car .......    5,337           5,853       - 8.8
                                                                                                       

 TOYOTA total veh .....   11,829          12,910       - 8.4
   Domestic car .......    3,034           2,663       +13.9
   Imported car .......    5,787           6,103       - 5.2
     Total car ........    8,821           8,766       + 0.6
   Domestic truck .....       74               0       .....
   Imported truck .....    2,934           4,144       -29.2
     Total truck ......    3,008           4,144       -27.4
                                                                                                       

 NISSAN total vehicles     2,766           3,694       -25.1
   Domestic car .......    1,293           1,770       -26.9
   Domestic truck .....    1,473           1,924       -23.4
                                                                                                       

 MAZDA total vehicles .      825           1,056       -21.9
   Domestic car .......      739             827       -10.6
   Domestic truck .....       86             229       -62.4
                                                                                                       

 MITSUBISHI-c .........      727             939       -22.6
                                                                                                       

 SUBARU domestic car ..      433             574       -24.6
                                                                                                       

 ISUZU domestic truck .      505             319       +58.3
                                                                                                       

 Total cars ...........  114,112         126,893       -10.1
   Domestic ...........   99,227         110,509       -10.2
   Imported ...........   14,885          16,384       - 9.1
                                                                                                       

 Total trucks .........   75,777          72,520       + 4.5
   Domestic ...........   72,717          68,177       + 6.7
   Imported ...........    3,060           4,343       -29.5
                                                                                                       

 Total domestic veh ...  171,944         178,686       - 3.8
                                                                                                       

 Total vehicles .......  189,889         199,413       - 4.8
                                                                                                       

   a-Totals include only vehicle sales reported in the
period.
   c-Domestic car
   e-Estimated