What's News --
   Business and Finance
The Fed is evaluating whether a further reduction in
interest rates will be necessary, Greenspan said. But the Fed
chief also said he thought rate cuts already made will be
enough to turn the economy around. He expressed no opposition
to fiscal stimulus as long as it is "modest."
                                                                                                       

   The House's chief tax writer said he plans to push through
a tax cut plan by Bush's March 20 deadline.
   ---
   Stocks and bonds rallied in the wake of improving car
sales and potentially encouraging news on interest rates. The
Dow Jones industrials gained 38.69 points to a record
3272.81. Treasury bond prices rose 3/4 point.
   ---
   Sears reported a better-than-expected 35% jump in
fourth-quarter profit and signaled another round of staff
cuts in its retail business.
   ---
   A jury awarded $550 million to ex-bondholders of defunct
MiniScribe to be paid by accounting firm Coopers  Lybrand,
an investment bank and MiniScribe's former chairman.
   ---
   Merck won an FDA panel's recom mendation that the
company's prostate drug be approved for marketing.
   ---
   Canada's Imperial Oil plans to sell or close about 1,000
retail gasoline outlets and cut 1,700 jobs at the refiner,
which is 70%-owned by Exxon.
                                                                                                       

   Gulf Canada is pulling out of a $4.4 billion project to
develop the Hibernia oil field off Canada's east coast, in a
move that could threaten the project.
   ---
   Shearson agreed to inject $50 million into ailing First
Capital Life and to protect policyholders from losses.
   ---
   Xerox reorganized its printer and copier units and created
a six-member corporate operations office. Xerox stock climbed
$3.25 to $80.25.
   ---
   Kodak posted a $400 million loss for the fourth period,
reflecting a $597 million revamping charge and weakness in
Kodak's imaging business.
   ---
   Pacific Enterprises plans to sell most of its petroleum
and retail units, resulting in $250 million in charges and a
fourth-period loss. The company also is eliminating its
dividend.
   ---
   Philips Electronics is said to be close to buying 25% of
Whittle Communications for $200 million. The deal would cut
Time Warner's 50% stake.
   ---
   USAir Vice Chairman Randall Malin was ousted, according to
people familiar with the ailing airline.
   ---
   PepsiCo's fourth-period earnings rose 2%, reflecting
charges for revamping its food business, a decline in U.S.
snack-food profits and weakness at Kentucky Fried Chicken.
   ---
   Russia enacted taxes and other decrees that could make it
hard for foreign oil companies to operate there. Some
companies are raising the issue before investing in the
republic.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 231,490,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3272.81, up 38.69; transportation 1368.27, up 5.79; utilities
209.00, up 0.12.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4223.16, up 31.06.
   Commodities: Oil $19.27 a barrel, up 31 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.34, up 0.40; spot index 117.61, up 0.57.
   Dollar: 126.15 yen, off 0.05; 1.5924 marks, off 0.0070.