Money-Fund Assets
   Rise to a Record;
   Yields Slide Again
The average seven-day compound yield, meanwhile, slumped
to 4.07% from 4.14% in the week ended Tuesday, Donoghue's
said. Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends.
   The average seven-day simple yield slipped below 4%, to
3.99% from 4.05%, for the first time since the newsletter
began tracking money fund yields in 1975.
   The average 30-day simple yield dropped to 4.18% from
4.30%, and the average 30-day compound yield fell to 4.27%
from 4.39%.
   Martha Wittbrodt, editor of Donoghue's, said nearly all
the asset inflow -- $2.5 billion -- went to funds open only
to institutional investors. She said institutions appeared to
be taking advantage of the slight yield advantage money funds
still have over direct market investments.
   Average maturity of the taxable funds' investments --
which include commercial paper (short-term corporate IOUs),
Treasury bills and bank certificates of deposit-shortened by
one day to 56 days, although that's still long by money-fund
standards. Securities and Exchange Commission regulations set
the maximum average maturity for money funds at 90 days.
   Yields on tax-free funds were nearly flat, and assets
declined. The average seven-day compound yield on tax-exempt
funds eased to 2.75% from 2.76%, Donoghue's said. That's
equivalent to a taxable yield of 3.82% for someone in the 28%
tax bracket and to 3.99% for an investor paying 31% in taxes.
   Assets of the 293 tax-free funds tracked by Donoghue's
slid by $939.3 million to $97.2 billion. Average maturity
shortened by one day to 51 days.