What's News --
   Business and Finance
IBM is expected to unveil today a far more flexible
approach to computer networks, which could fuel an explosion
in information traffic inside companies, industry executives
said. Under the "peer-to-peer" approach, any computer in the
network, small or big, will be able to manage data flow.
   ---
   Congress narrowly passed and Bush vetoed a tax-cut bill
that resembled a White House plan but also included higher
taxes for upper-income people and a narrower capital-gains
tax cut than the one Bush sought. The two sides may
compromise on a barebones tax bill in the coming months.
   ---
   Citicorp sustained a loss of close to $120 million on its
loan to Randsworth, a British property company, joining U.S.
pension funds in what could be one of the worst commercial
real estate ventures in recent years. The banking giant is
said to have written down its Randsworth loan last year.
   ---
   ATT plans to promise new Universal credit-card customers
that they will never pay an annual fee if they transfer at
least $1,000 in debt from another credit card to ATT's.
While ATT ranks third in the number of credit cards issued,
it is far behind in the amount owed by its customers.
   ---
   Merrill Lynch gave its chairman, William Schreyer, $5.9
million in salary and bonus for 1991 plus options valued at
more than $10.9 million. The firm's president got options
valued at $9.4 million plus $4.9 million in cash.
   ---
   Blue-chip stocks climbed while bond prices sank. The Dow
Jones industrials rose 14.99 points at 3276.39. But
over-the-counter stocks fell. Long-term Treasury bond prices
lost 7/8 point, sending their yield over 8%.
   ---
   Allied-Signal expects its first-quarter profit to be much
higher than analysts have projected. Separately, the
automotive and aerospace concern disclosed it gave its new
chairman, Lawrence Bossidy, a five-year pay package valued at
$29 million. Allied-Signal's stock price rose $3 to $52.375.
   ---
   Monsanto more than doubled its provision for cleaning up
waste sites to $245 million at the end of 1991. In its annual
report, the chemical company said it could spend an
additional $300 million by the end of the decade to remedy
the sites as required by law.
   ---
   A possible "squeeze" in seven-year Treasury notes that
were sold in January is being investigated by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York.
   ---
   California's public employee pension fund said it will
oppose the election of directors for Polaroid, Dial and
Control Data if the companies refuse to discuss some issues
with the fund.
   ---
   Microsoft plans to sell a new version of its spreadsheet
program that may boost pressure on rival Lotus. Microsoft,
meanwhile, also is putting out a version of its Windows
software for computers that read handwriting.
   ---
   Interpublic's McCann-Erickson ad agency set up a marketing
consulting division to serve Sony units Columbia Pictures and
Tri-Star Pictures.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 246,710,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3276.39, up 14.99; transportation 1433.67, up 12.89;
utilities 206.12, up 1.00.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4142.31, off 31.85.
   Commodities: Oil $18.90 a barrel, off 39 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.18, off 0.20; spot index 117.89, off 0.40.
   Dollar: 133.85 yen, up 0.29; 1.6715 marks, up 0.0010.