Credit Ratings
FORSTMANN  CO. -- Standard  Poor's Corp. said it raised
its rating on this textile maker's subordinated debt to
triple-C-plus from triple-C-minus, as a result of the
completion of its initial public offering and exchange offer.
About $55 million in debt is affected. SP said despite
lower-than-expected proceeds from the offering, Forstmann was
able to redeem just under half of its rated subordinated
debt, as originally planned. SP said that completion of a
revised bank agreement removes near-term refinancing concerns
by extending the maturity on a revolving credit line until
November 1994.
   ---
   NEW YORK STATE -- Standard  Poor's Corp., seeing small
economic gains and more job losses in the state's near
future, affirmed its single-A-minus rating on New York's $4.9
billion of general obligation bonds. However, the ratings
agency said its outlook is "negative" due to the continuing
standoff between Gov. Mario Cuomo and the state legislature
on reform in the state budget. The bond ratings were
downgraded from single-A in January to reflect continuing
economic weakness, four straight years of operating deficits
and the budget stalemate. SP noted that forecasts differ
about the timing and strength of a recovery. "Given the
continued uncertainties surrounding the recession, taking the
more conservative view is appropriate," it said.
   ---
   SASKATCHEWAN -- Moody's Investors Service Inc. said it
lowered its rating of the province's debt to single-A-3 from
single-A-2. It said the rating affects more than 15 billion
Canadian dollars (US$12.59 billion) of direct and guaranteed
debt. The rating agency cited a growing imbalance between
revenue and spending. A spokesman for the provincial Finance
Ministry said the government plans to address its deficit
problems when it announces its next budget, in April or May.