Financing Business:
   Sale of Preferred Issue
   Leads SP to Raise
   Outlook on Chrysler
The new rating outlook was spurred by Chrysler's
announcement that it had bolstered its balance sheet by
selling $862.5 million of new convertible preferred shares in
a private sale to investors. Chrysler said it will use
"substantially all" of the proceeds to finance new products
and factory modernizations.
   Because of the cash infusion, SP believes another rating
downgrade at Chrysler is unlikely in the near term, said
Scott Sprinzen, an SP analyst. "We still feel the risks at
Chrysler are considerable, but with the new preferred issue,
the company has an additional amount of financial
flexibility," he said.
   SP also cited Chrysler's aggressive cost-cutting program
and the company's new products this year. Chrysler will
introduce its Grand Cherokee Jeep in the spring and a new
family of midsized cars this fall. "The success of these (new
products) will be criticial to the company's survival," SP
said.
   SP and Moody's Investors Service both assigned junk-bond
ratings to the new $862.5 million Chrysler issue, consistent
with their recent ratings for Chrysler. SP gave the issue a
single-B-minus rating while Moody's rated it single-B-3.
   Moody's, however, was more downbeat than SP in its
assessment of Chrysler. "The company's cash flow and
debt-protection measurements are likely to remain under
pressure," Moody's said.
   Chrysler didn't disclose a yield for the preferred issue,
but investors have said it had a 9.25% dividend yield.
   Each of the convertible preferred shares are convertible
into Chrysler common stock at a price of $18 a share of
common stock, beginning May 20. Chrysler was quoted at
$17.75, up $1, in late New York Stock Exchange trading
yesterday.