Meca Software Sees
   Fiscal '92 Earnings
   Below Expectations
Though Meca says sales of its TaxCut tax-preparation
software are strong, sales of its "Andrew Tobias's Managing
Your Money" personal finance software won't meet expectations
and will "adversely affect our financial results" for the
year ending June 30. Meca added that it will incur
"significant" one-time charges in its third quarter, ending
March 31, for the accounting treatment of its recent
acquisition of Great American Software and for management
changes.
   Meca, which went public in July 1990, has had some timing
problems with its two best selling opportunities, the
Christmas holiday season and tax time. In December 1990, it
said shipments of a new "Managing Your Money" version were
too late to take advantage of holiday buying, lowering its
earnings estimates. And in April 1991, Meca lowered earnings
expectations for its third quarter again because of delays
with an updated "Managing Your Money," which hurt its ability
to market other programs to customers of the personal finance
software.
   The latest announcement was made after the close of
trading yesterday. Meca shares closed up 12.5 cents at $6.25
in national over-the-counter trading.