Technology  Health:
   Fuji Team Makes
   Artificial `Eye'
   Using a Protein
   ----
   By Jerry E. Bishop
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Being made of biological materials, the "eye" was far more
compact than a comparable device made of microelectronic
parts, and thus could be a forerunner of eyes for robots.
   The key component of the artificial photoreceptor, as the
scientists called it, was a light-sensitive protein called
bacteriorhodopsin. It was extracted from a bacterium that
ordinarly uses it for photosynthesis, the conversion of
sunlight to electrical energy.
   Ultra-thin films of the protein were laid down on layers
of tin oxide. Each layer was immersed in a salt-water
electrolyte and hooked to two electrodes. Whenever light
shining on the protein changed intensity, going from dark to
bright or back, each protein molecule would emit an
electrical charge.
   The researchers said they built a retina-like device
consisting of 64 "pixels," or picture elements. The panel was
2.5 millimeters square, or less than a tenth of an inch on
each side. It was this device that "sensed" and transmitted
images of alphabet letters to a panel of 64 LEDs.
   The protein doesn't react when the light intensity is
constant; hence it doesn't "sense" still images. Rather, it
emits electrical charges only when the light intensity
changes. Thus, it can sense moving images.
   The Fuji scientists, reporting their research in this
week's issue of the American journal, Science, said that
their device is important for understanding how images are
processed in living animals "as well as for constructing
intelligent image sensors in the future."