Northern Telecom
   Posts 11% Rise
   In 4th-Period Net
   ----
   By John J. Keller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In the quarter ended Dec. 31, net income rose to $208
million, or 83 cents a share, from $187.7 million, or 75
cents a share, in the last quarter of 1990. Revenue climbed
to $2.3 billion from $1.88 billion.
   For all of 1991, Northern's net income grew by 12% to
$514.9 million, or $2.03 a share, from $460.2 million, or
$1.80 a share in 1990. (Changes in the company's number of
shares outstanding made earnings per share rise by a slightly
higher figure.) Revenue during the same period rose 21%, to
$8.18 billion, from $6.77 billion.
   Orders for the fourth quarter totaled $2.31 billion, a 21%
increase from the year-earlier period. Backlog at year's end
stood at $3.02 billion, or 42% higher than at the end of
1990.
   Securities analysts said they were frustrated by
Northern's refusal to state STC's contribution to the income
statement.
   "I wish I could get enthusiastic, but minus STC's
revenues, I have them at about 3% revenue growth," said Maria
Lewis, an analyst at Cowen  Co., Boston.
   "Sure, STC helped" fourth-quarter results, Mr. Stern said.
"But we absorbed good will of $43 million from the
acquisition, and the operating side of (Northern) managed to
cover the interest expenses and still show a good profit.
That's not bad."
   Dataquest Inc., a San Jose, Calif., research firm, said
that Northern is overtaking ATT in the equipment arena, even
outpacing ATT's sales of switching equipment to the Bell
companies. But in the sales of cellular-phone equipment, Ms.
Lewis noted that Northern is "starting from so far behind"
that it will have difficulty catching up with rivals ATT and
Sweden's LM Ericsson.
   Mr. Stern acknowledged, "We got into the (wireless) market
late, but we're making good progress." He cited Northern's
agreement to sell equipment with Motorola Inc. to help equip
Europe's next-generation digital cellular system.
   In afternoon composite trading yesterday, Northern's
shares were quoted at $48.25, unchanged, on the New York
Stock Exchange.