What's News --
   Business and Finance
Economic conditions were lackluster as the year began but
business and banking leaders expect an upturn by midyear, a
Fed survey reported.
                                                                                                       

   Housing starts increased 2.6% in December, pushed up by
falling interest rates. But starts for all of 1991 dropped to
the lowest level since 1945.
   ---
   Stocks jumped in a late rally while bonds fell and the
dollar was mixed. The Dow Jones industrials rose 32.42 points
to 3255.81 in heavy trading, more than erasing Tuesday's
drop. Nasdaq stock prices soared 2.61%.
   ---
   Dow Corning is considering abandoning the breast implant
business. Meanwhile, the company, under pressure from the
FDA, agreed to release some documents about its implants.
   ---
   California's big thrifts reported strong fourth-quarter
earnings because of slackening loan problems and record
interest-rate margins.
   ---
   A Los Angeles County panel voted to cancel Tokyo-based
Sumitomo's contract to build rail cars amid growing public
pressure to buy U.S. goods.
   ---
   Union Pacific and Santa Fe Pacific reported strong
fourth-period profits, reflecting traffic gains and in
creased efficiency. But CSX posted a loss after a
restructuring charge.
   ---
   First Interstate Bancorp posted another sizable quarterly
loss but predicted a profit for this year. Its stock jumped
$2 to $32.50. Banc One's earnings rose 33% while CoreStates
reversed a year-earlier loss.
   ---
   The late Robert Maxwell pumped $361 million through
companies he secretly controlled in an illicit scheme to prop
up Maxwell Communication shares, investigators said.
   ---
   ATT suspended negotiations with Britain's Cable 
Wireless aimed at setting up a global alliance in
international telecommunications services, say people
familiar with the talks, which could resume in the summer.
   ---
   Revco submitted its own reorganization plan, surprising
creditors who have backed a takeover of the drug store chain
by Jack Eckerd Corp. Revco said its proposal will save jobs
and keep more Revco stores open.
   ---
   Conseco agreed to acquire a majority stake in ICH's
Bankers Life in a deal valued at $600 million. Conseco's
share price surged $5 to $69.75.
   ---
   Tokyo stock prices rallied Wednesday after the Bank of
Japan pushed down interest rates. The Nikkei index rose
675.82 points, or 3.2%, to 21534.12.
   ---
   Monsanto's profit more than doubled in the fourth quarter
but fell short of analysts' expectations. Monsanto stock fell
$2.125 to $67. Profit fell 97% at Sterling Chemicals and rose
6% at Air Products  Chemicals.
   ---
   Martin Marietta's profit fell 23% in the latest period.
Loral, another defense concern, posted a 43% gain.
   ---
   Money-market fund assets rose to record levels in the
latest week despite a further decline in yields.
   ---
   Next Inc. unveiled an operating system that lets personal
computers using a high-speed Intel chip mimic the look of
Next's workstations.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 225,030,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3255.81, up 32.42; transportation 1407.14, up 16.07;
utilities 215.20, up 3.01.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4263.86, off 21.77.
   Commodities: Oil $18.94 a barrel, up 22 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 123.20, up 0.69; spot index 115.24, up 0.58.
   Dollar: 123.35 yen, off 0.25; 1.5900 marks, up 0.0040.