What's News --
   Business and Finance
ATT explored a possible purchase of American Express in
1989 before entering the credit card business, say people
close to the talks.
   ---
   Bush's proposal to cut the capital gains tax would favor
the rich but not as disproportionately as his plan last year
would, a legislative study found. Most of the benefit would
go to those who make more than $100,000 a year.
                                                                                                       

   The Fed deserves some blame for the weak economy because
it didn't cut interest rates soon enough or fast enough,
Bush's economic aides said. The advisers, however, stopped
short of calling for further rate cuts.
   ---
   Blue-chip stocks slumped, sending the Dow Jones
industrials down 15.21 points to 3257.60 in heavy trading.
But over-the-counter stocks rallied. Bond prices rose
slightly. The dollar fell.
                                                                                                       

   Stocks recommended by 10 big brokerage firms rose 50% last
year, easily outpacing the SP 500 index.
   ---
   Intel formed an alliance with Sharp of Japan to develop
and sell microchips expected to provide long-term storage of
data in a new generation of portable electronic products.
   ---
   Federated Department Stores emerged from bankruptcy court
without any ties to Campeau Corp., the retailer's former
parent. Federated shares, not yet issued, began trading
yesterday on heavy volume.
   ---
   The FCC is considering accelerating depreciation schedules
for phone companies and easing limits on owning radio and
television stations.
   ---
   The Treasury is reducing its reliance on the sale of
30-year bonds in the current quarter's debt auction, in an
effort to lower finance costs.
   ---
   Southern Co. faces an informal SEC inquiry into possible
violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in bidding
for a Portuguese contract.
   ---
   Johnson  Johnson's Retin-A acne medicine, widely used to
fight wrinkles, can also lighten common liver spots on the
skin, researchers said.
   ---
   Cushman  Wakefield and eight other companies and
individuals were barred from getting contracts in the
government's SL cleanup.
   ---
   Newmont Mining expects to enter a venture with
Uzbekistan's government to produce gold for export.
   ---
   Times Mirror reported a $13 mil lion fourth-quarter loss
resulting from a series of one-time charges. Revenue rose 2%.
Times Mirror stock climbed $1.625 to $35.625 a share.
   ---
   Fitch Investors Service plans to introduce a rating system
that is intended to measure the market risk of collateralized
mortgage obligations.
   ---
   Business productivity rose at a 1.1% annual rate in the
fourth period, but edged up only 0.2% for all of 1991.
   ---
   American Barrick said a new mine will ensure that its gold
output will keep growing for a decade. The company,
meanwhile, reported a 59% jump in fourth-quarter earnings.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks ended mixed in light trading Wednesday.
London shares fell while Frankfurt prices gained.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 261,960,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3257.60, off 15.21; transportation 1383.41, up 15.41;
utilities 207.75, off 1.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4237.23, up 14.07.
   Commodities: Oil $19.50 a barrel, up 23 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.30, off 0.04; spot index 117.57, up 0.04.
   Dollar: 125.46 yen, off 0.69; 1.5805 marks, off 0.0119.