REVIEW  OUTLOOK (Editorial):
   Give Iacocca to Japan
The Big Three solution is for the U.S. to demand that the
Japanese buy more cars from American companies. So the
message that the Japanese are getting from this visiting
caravan is that they have to abandon managed trade by
managing their internal market so that the Japanese buy more
American cars.
   Now no one denies that the American automobile executives
have been through rough times back home. Chrysler is again
bleeding money. General Motors recently announced that it
will close 21 plants in the U.S. and cut 74,000 jobs by 1995.
But this does not necessarily mean that Americans are on the
whole worse off.
   For example, Japan's Nissan auto maker is going ahead with
plans in Tennessee to expand its existing $1.2 billion
factory and is building an engine plant, also in Tennessee.
By the time these plans are carried out, Nissan will have
created 7,000 American jobs. And of course there is that
silent majority of American consumers who for some reason
keep buying what Japanese engineering produces.
   If Mr. Bush's aim is to encourage freer markets in Japan,
he might better have brought with him to Tokyo the corporate
leaders of Japanese car-manufacturing operations in the U.S.,
such as Honda, Toyota and Nissan. That might at least suggest
to the Japanese on their island that relatively open markets
can help attract to their shores efficient, job-creating
investors from the U.S. and elsewhere.
   Perhaps Mr. Bush's advice-givers have staged the Tokyo
auto show simply to divert the U.S. from its recession blues.
But if he wants to strike a blow for American car production
and against Japanese competitiveness, perhaps the President
should boil down the talks these next few days to one simple
proposition: The U.S. will let in anything that Japan wants
to sell, if the Japanese will keep Lee Iacocca.