Arco, Phillips,
   Unocal Report
   Lower Results
   ---
   Fourth-Period Net Plunged
   And Unocal Posted Loss;
   Oil and Gas Prices Cited
   ----
   By Pauline Yoshihashi and Ann de Rouffignac
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
For all of 1991, Arco reported a 65% decline in net to
$709 million, or $4.39 a share, which included after-tax
charges of $295 million from property sales, write-downs and
personnel cuts. Arco attributed the declines to a depressed
operating environment and big third-quarter write-downs taken
to streamline Arco's businesses.
   In 1990, Arco reported net of $2.01 billion, or $12.15 a
share, including a $323 million gain from an acccounting
change for income taxes and a $185 million after-tax gain
from an accident settlement and asset sales. Those gains were
partially offset by about $400 million in after-tax charges
stemming largely from provisions for tax and royalty issues
and charges for future environmental costs.
   Separately, Arco said that Lodwrick M. Cook, 63 years old,
will continue to serve as chairman and chief executive
officer until June 1995, two years beyond his previously
planned retirement date. A spokesman said the delay will
provide continuity of management until Mr.Cook, and Robert E.
Wycoff, president and chief operating officer, and James S.
Morrison, executive vice president and chief financial
officer, retire at about the same time.
   Phillips Petroleum reported fourth-quarter net income of
$79 million, or 30 cents a share, down 67% from $237 million,
or 92 cents a share, the year earlier.
   "We haven't seen any upturn in the economy as far as our
operations are concerned," said C. J. Silas, chairman and
chief executive officer of the Bartlesville, Okla., company.
   Without certain one-time gains the fourth-quarter earnings
would have equaled $48 million, vs. $294 million in 1990. The
gains included $256 million under the replacement-cost
property insurance and $33 million for business-interruption
insurance relating to a 1989 accident at the Houston Chemical
Complex. Phillips also had an $18 million gain from the sale
of assets.
   For all of 1991, net was $258 million, or 99 cents a
share, compared with $779 million, or $3.13 a share, in 1990.
The gains mentioned above were partly offset by an additional
$244 million write-down of offshore California investments.
In addition, the company had a $53 million loss concerning a
new accounting standard for post-retirement benefits.
   Other negative factors were an extraordinary loss of $43
million for the early retirement of debt, a $13 million
charge for environmental projects and other fourth-quarter
charges totaling $30 million for project cancellations, a
business shutdown, and layoffs.
   Exploration and production results were down in part
because of lower crude oil sales prices and lower U.S.
natural-gas prices.
   Los Angeles-based Unocal reported a fourth-quarter loss of
$16 million, or seven cents a share, vs. net income of $38
million, or 16 cents a share, a year earlier. The latest
quarter included $62 million in after-tax write-downs on a
hydrotreater and related projects at the Los Angeles refinery
and the nitric acid and urea ammonium nitrate manufacturing
plants near Sacramento, Calif. Those were partially offset by
a $31 million after-tax gain on the sale of the company's
southeastern U. S. marketing inventories.
   The 1990 fourth quarter included an $80 million after-tax
write-down of Unocal's remaining investment in its molybdenum
mine at Questa, N.M. Total revenue for the quarter dropped
18% to $2.77 billion from $3.38 billion a year ago. Richard
Stegemeier, Unocal's chairman, attributed the results to
depressed oil prices and related problems.
   For 1991, Unocal reported earnings of $73 million, or 31
cents a share, down 82% from $401 million, or $1.71 a share,
in 1990. Total revenue dropped 8% to $10.89 billion from
$11.81 billion in 1990. The 1990 results included a $132
million gain from the sale of Unocal's Norwegian oil and gas
interests and $95 million in deferred income-tax benefits.