AmeriTrust Sells
   28 Ohio Branches
   To Star Banc Corp.
   ----
   By Gabriella Stern
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The merger is scheduled to be completed today, giving
holders of each AmeriTrust common share 0.65 of each Society
common based on today's stock price. Outstanding AmeriTrust
preferred will be exchanged for comparable newly issued
Society preferred. The new Society will have $25 billion in
assets.
   Star Banc's purchase of 28 AmeriTrust branches gives the
Cincinnati bank holding company a larger share of the
Cleveland market, which has been dominated by AmeriTrust,
National City Corp., Society and Banc One Corp. Star Banc,
with $6.6 billion in assets, currently has only three
branches in Cleveland.
   Henry Meyer, Society's vice chairman and chief banking
officer, said Society will dominate the Cleveland market
following the AmeriTrust merger. "I would rather not have had
to divest the AmeriTrust branches. The branches are profit
opportunities for us. On the other hand, for the deal to go,
we had to do that," Mr. Meyer said. Society expects to
realize pretax gain of about $20 million on the sale of the
branches.
   Star Banc, which will pay 2.19% of the branches'
approximately $1 billion in total deposits, said the
acquisition will boost earnings.
   Raimundo C. Archibold Jr., an analyst with Fox-Pitt Kelton
Inc. called the 2.19% rate "a relatively cheap price."
Anthony Polini, an analyst with A.G. Edwards  Sons, said the
earnings impact "will be positive but not a major one by any
means." In 1991, Star Banc earned $65.8 million, or $2.24 a
share.
   Under the agreement, Star Bank will assume about $400
million in loans owned by AmeriTrust or Society. With the
additional $1 billion in deposits, "they're leveraging up the
balance sheet a little," said Joseph Duwan, analyst with
Keefe Bruyette  Woods Inc. "On the other side of the balance
sheet, they're gaining $400 million in loans which presumably
are high quality," he said.