Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Decline 10.95 Points
   In Strong Trading for a Holiday
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Volume was 180,870,000 shares, down from Friday's
284,560,000, but strong for a holiday session nonetheless.
   "Days like this are good for making minor adjustments to
your portfolio" because relatively light volume means major
market shifts are unlikely to occur, said Christopher
Pedersen, director of trading at Twenty-First Securities. Mr.
Pedersen pointed out that investors spent much of yesterday
taking profits on stocks they feel might have hit their tops
or buying those that they believed had fallen below their
proper values in recent sessions.
   Traders said profit-takers were responsible for declines
in shares of securities brokers, which performed well last
week. The drops were led by two retail-oriented firms:
Charles Schwab lost 2 1/4 to 32 5/8 and Quick  Reilly lost 1
to 30 1/4. Larger firms sagged too: Merrill Lynch lost 2 1/8
to 61 1/2; Morgan Stanley fell 1 7/8 to 63 5/8; Bear Stearns
dropped 7/8 to 18 7/8; and Salomon Inc. fell 7/8 to 28 7/8.
   Major banks also eased a bit after attracting investors'
money last week. Chase Manhattan slipped 3/8 to 21 3/4 and
First Chicago gave up 7/8 to 26 7/8. Citicorp continued the
retreat from its rally with a drop of 1/8 to 14 1/2, as did
Chemical Banking with its 5/8 drop to 28.
   In spite of such "adjusting," traders said they were
encouraged to see signs of interest in a broad range of
cyclical stocks that should keep the market rising when
investors come back to work today.
   General Electric, for instance, continued its gains with a
gain of 1 to 80 1/2. Makers of heavy machinery, which are
expected to profit from an upturn in the economy, also fared
well: Deere gained 1 1/8 to 53 1/4 and Caterpillar added 3/4
to 48 1/4.
   Gold stocks, which rise on fears that an economic
expansion could spark inflation, jumped too: Newmont Gold
added 2 1/8 to 47 1/4; Battle Mountain Gold gained 1/8 to 8
1/8; and ASA, a closed-end mutual fund invested in South
African gold companies, jumped 1 5/8 to 52 3/4.
   Such gains, in the face of active holiday trading,
suggested investors are still interested in pushing the
market to higher levels by buying stocks sensitive to changes
in the economy.
   "The profit-taking we've seen will allow fundamental
buyers to come back in the markets" later this week, said
John Blair III, head of trading at County NatWest Securities
USA.
   The market sold off stocks with high price-earning
multiples that were listed in a table with Monday's Heard on
the Street column in The Wall Street Journal. U.S. Surgical
lost 7 to 117 1/4 after a delayed opening because of an order
imbalance.
   Home Depot, also delayed in its opening because of an
imbalance, lost 1 3/4 to 64 7/8. Duty Free International
dropped 2 3/8 to 50 1/2; Wal-Mart lost 1 3/8 to 55 3/4; and
Mylan Labs fell 1 1/2 to 37 7/8.
   UAL Corp. lost 3 3/4 to 152. The parent of United Airlines
said after markets closed Friday that its 1991 fourth-quarter
loss would "substantially exceed" the previous largest
quarterly loss of $157 million, or $7.05 a share, in 1991's
first quarter. The fourth-quarter loss will reflect, among
other things, significant nonrecurring expenses, the company
said.
   Corning lost 4 3/4 to 65 1/4 on trading of 963,700 shares,
compared with a recent daily average of 326,066. The
specialty consumer-products company reported fourth-quarter
earnings of 45 cents a share, significantly lower than
expectations of 89 cents a share forecast by six analysts
surveyed by First Call, a unit of Thompson Financial
Networks. Investors battered the stock last week after the
Food and Drug Adminstration called for a moratorium on the
sale of silicone breast implants. Corning is partner with Dow
Chemical in Dow Corning, a major maker of the implants.
   Glaxo gained 1/2 to 31 1/2. The British pharmaceutical
maker said it had sold 30 drugs, with a combined annual
revenue of #6.5 million ($11.7 million), to Medeva PLC, a
British drug concern. Medeva will pay Glaxo #13.5 million for
the drugs in installments over two years. A Glaxo spokesman
said the drugs were sold so the company could concentrate on
developing more advanced products.
   Procter  Gamble jumped 1 1/8 to 91 3/8 after the maker of
personal care and food products announced the first customer
for its reduced-calorie fat Caprenin. Mars Inc., the closely
held candy maker, will use the cocoa butter substitute in its
new Milky Way II Bars, PG said. Terms weren't disclosed.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index gained 0.01
to 415.33. Advancers outpaced decliners 348 to 295. Volume
was 17,470,000 shares, down from Friday's 25,690,000 shares.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   CORNING Inc. earned record fourth-quarter profit of 45
cents a share, reflecting a 2-for-1 stock split earlier this
month. The earnings were in line with analysts' forecasts
made before the split. That point was misstated in
yesterday's Abreast of the Market column.
   (WSJ Jan. 22, 1992)