Business Brief:
   McCaw Cellular Posts Another Loss,
   Despite Improved Revenue, Cash Flow
McCaw is trying to create a national network of cellular
phone systems and has borrowed heavily to finance expansion,
racking up big losses. A spokesman said the company's
strategy will mean continued losses for "a couple" more
years.
   In the quarter, McCaw's interest expense was $132.8
million, compared with $155.7 million the year earlier. For
all of 1991, the interest expense was $578 million, compared
with $496.6 million in 1990. As of Dec. 31, 1991, McCaw's
long-term debt and obligations stood at $5.28 billion,
compared with $5.29 billion at the end of 1990.
   Cash flow from cellular operations, which the company says
is a key measure of its health, rose 46% to $104 million from
$71.4 million a year earlier. McCaw said it saw record
subscriber growth in the fourth quarter, with 94,000 new
customers signing up.
   For the year, McCaw posted a net loss of $351.1 million,
or $2.04 a share, compared with net income of $562.3 million,
or $2.97 a share, in the previous year. The 1991 results
include a one-time gain of about $243 million from the sale
of certain McCaw properties in the Midwest. The 1990 results
include a one-time gain of $1.2 billion from the sale of
certain cellular interests in the Southeast. As of March 5,
1990, they also include results of LIN Broadcasting Corp., in
which McCaw acquired a 52% stake.
   Revenue for 1991 rose 32% to $1.37 billion from $1.04
billion. During the year, the number of cellular users in the
markets McCaw operates in, combined with users in LIN's
markets, grew 42% to 1.6 million from 1.2 million.
   In national over-the-counter trading, McCaw shares fell
$1.50 a share, or more than 4%, to close at $34 a share.