Business World:
   Bankrolled Bedrooms, Breadbaskets, Barristers
   ----
   By Tim W. Ferguson
1) It's aimed at inducing a burst of consumer confidence.
But people are just now tiptoeing back into the fast-food
joints. Maybe a 30-year mortgage is starting a little high up
the purchase ladder.
   2) For people who think they'll keep their jobs,
entry-level homes already are unusually affordable. Most of
these folks can and will buy anyway. If anything, their
problem is a down payment, and a credit a year or two from
now (there's a $2,500 annual maximum) won't help. Meanwhile,
the more nervous won't buy, even to get five grand. And if
somehow everybody did decide to take the plunge, the supply
at the bottom end is so limited that prices would rise, maybe
by the $5,000.
   3) In the two most distressed parts of the country,
California and the Northeast, housing prices are the highest
and therefore $5,000 is least likely to matter.
   4) Why do we necessarily want more people to cease renting
right now anyway? Apartment vacancies are still high in
several markets, and besides, a home buyer is likely to have
less disposable income with which to buy goods and services
that will put marginal labor to work. OK, you'll get some
construction jobs, but if that's the aim, why not take a
short cut and guarantee loans to builders? (Forget you read
that])
   5) You know who really gains by churning real-estate
transactions? All the people who take a piece out of nearly
every one of them: the broker/agents, the escrow officers,
the appraisers, the inspectors, the mortgage peddlers. Many
of them are busy enough as is with refinancings. According to
the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment in this sector has
risen 50% faster than the overall work force since 1980. How
are we better off? Attention, liberals: In case the
Washington Post overlooked it, blacks and Hispanics combined
hold only 7% of the jobs in this field.
   The case for boosting real estate is stronger than usual
at present because depressed values are such a drag on
financial institutions, which in response have tightened the
strings on the rest of the economy. But home tracts aren't
the bulk of property besetting the balance sheets, so why
"spend" an estimated $5 billion in credits on this segment?
   Patchwork: Apologies to Angelo Mozilo, the outspoken chief
executive at Countrywide Credit Industries, whose first name
I botched when his views on tax policy were quoted here Jan.
21. More important to Mr. Mozilo, George Bush seems to have
followed much of his advice.
   ---
   A lot more manure will be spread in Washington before the
year is old, but unfortunately none of it will be useful in
growing crops. And on that routinely fecund front, we're
beginning to harvest disappointment.
   Keith C. Barrons is a stickler for numbers. He's a
research biologist who for the past several years has been
independently analyzing agriculture. The story of that
oh-so-basic industry heretofore has been -- unless you
believe the apocalyptics -- one of blessed progress. We can
be confident of that because, aside from paeans to the
"family farmer," when was the last time you heard a reference
to croplands in the State of the Union?
   Anyway, Mr. Barrons, whose earlier book "The Food in Your
Future" was an "anatomy of abundance," is not so sanguine in
a forthcoming volume. As a preview, he sends along the latest
yield data from the USDA. They show that 1991 was the latest
in at least six years of flat peracre output. In other words,
the great postWorld War II gains -- nearly four times in corn
and potatoes, double in wheat and soybeans -- have petered
out.
   Mr. Barrons, who's rather a Malthusian despite his
appreciation for the potential of science, sees this as
simply the law of diminishing returns at work. He
acknowledges that genetic engineering promises additional
little leaps, but says that the finiteness of the sun's
energy and the planet's moisture means that the best gains
are behind us.
   This leads him to consider a nation that no longer can
safely expect fewer and fewer tillers of the soil to fill
more and more bellies at home and still have leftovers for
unlimited hunger abroad. His latest title is "A Catastrophe
in the Making." He'd better watch out or Lester Brown will
run excerpts in the spiffy magazine that his World Watch has
become since he got that MacArthur grant.
   Don't worry, famine isn't on the West's doorstep. In fact,
there's considerable room for higher production in the Third
World, where property rights and market prices are virtually
untapped resources. And technology may produce a new diet.
Yet a ceiling on America's bounty certainly would mean a New
World Order.
   Sidelight: The maturing of the agricultural miracle was
called to my attention nearly a year ago by a fellow in
Oklahoma who claimed that "innovative technologies" like his
own held out hope of renewed revolutionary gains. But, he
complained, the U.S. economy since the 1970s had been sucked
dry of the wherewithal to commercialize bold ideas;
corporations only devised on the margins. Dubious and
ignorant of his brainstorm, I nevertheless suspect there's
something to the beef about parched genius. The U.S. might be
better off watering a few wild seeds than building the next
row of houses on Shady Lane.
   ---
   One thing that still grows is the number of lawyers. I see
the bar and Dan Quayle are having at it again. Well, herewith
is a little road map for businesspeople: state ratios of
attorneys in private practice to the potential "client base."
Down is up in this ranking, you might say.
                                                                                                       

                LAWYERS TO POPULATION 1988
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

  1. D.C.                        1/40
  2. N.Y.                        1/295
  3. Mass.                       1/318
  4. Colo.                       1/367
  5. Conn.                       1/375
  6. Alaska                      1/387
  7. N.J.                        1/393
  8. Ill.                        1/400
  9. Calif.                      1/402
 10. R.I.                        1/474
 11. Hawaii                      1/475
 12. La.                         1/477
 13. Md.                         1/477
 14. Wash.                       1/486
 15. Minn.                       1/494
 16. Ore.                        1/496
 17. Fla.                        1/501
 18. Mont.                       1/501
 19. Okla.                       1/503
 20. Vt.                         1/507
 21. Texas                       1/517
 22. Pa.                         1/520
 23. Neb.                        1/530
 24. Ohio                        1/536

 26. Ga.                         1/550
 27. Ariz.                       1/561
 28. N.H.                        1/565
 29. Maine                       1/572
 30. N.M.                        1/575
 31. Mich.                       1/591
 32. Wyo.                        1/604
 33. Kan.                        1/607
 34. Va.                         1/611
 35. Del.                        1/612
 36. Nev.                        1/612
 37. Utah                        1/621
 38. Wis.                        1/632
 39. Idaho                       1/647
 40. Iowa                        1/664
 41. Ky.                         1/684
 42. S.D.                        1/719
 43. Tenn.                       1/723
 44. N.D.                        1/738
 45. Ind.                        1/765
 46. Ala.                        1/777
 47. Miss.                       1/790
 48. S.C.                        1/831
 49. W.Va.                       1/838
 50. Ark.                        1/872
 51. N.C.                        1/886
                                                                                                       

 U.S. avg.                       1/473
                                                                                                       

   Source: American Bar Foundation
                                                                                                       

   My only start came from Colorado. What got into the Rocky
Mountain spring water?