Economy:
   Farm Prices Fall
   As Vegetables,
   Cattle Abound
   ----
   By Bruce Ingersoll
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Commercial vegetable prices plunged 23% from November, as
major winter-production areas in the Sun Belt began shipping
large volumes of lettuce, tomatoes and other produce to
market.
   The whitefly infestation so far hasn't caused widespread
damage to California's large lettuce crop, the department
said. Florida growers, meanwhile, have begun harvesting a
bumper tomato crop.
   As a result, lettuce prices averaged $10.80 per
hundredweight, down $10.50 from November, the department
said. Tomato prices plunged $9.40 in December to $14.30 per
hundredweight, the lowest since 1970.
   Cattle prices slipped 80 cents last month to $67.10 per
hundredweight, the department said. Steer and heifer prices
averaged $71.20 per hundredweight, down $1.20 from November;
cow prices averaged $45.70, up 70 cents, and calf prices
averaged $86.70, down $2.80.
   Hog prices, meanwhile, rose 80 cents in December to
$38.80, according to the department. Barrows and gilts
averaged $39.60, up $1.10 from November, while sows averaged
$27.70 per hundredweight, down $3.10.
   The price trend in food grains continued to be one of U.S.
agriculture's bright spots. Those prices rose for the fifth
month in a row. Wheat prices jumped 21 cents to $3.46 a
bushel, as supplies tightened further last month. Rice prices
dropped 20 cents to $7.56 per hundredweight, but that was
still the highest December price in four years.
   Corn prices rose three cents to $2.33 per bushel in
December, while grain sorghum climbed 16 cents to $4.11 per
hundredweight. Barley prices averaged $2.17 per bushel, down
two cents from November.