Letters to the Editor:
   Are You Middle Class?
   Read This and Relax
First, Mr. Gigot seems distressed that the 38.5% rate
would take effect at lower income levels for singles and
heads of households than for families filing joint returns.
But that is exactly how it works today with the 15%, 28% and
31% rates. Middle-class tax reform would not alter the
current tax-filing-status structure, and the income levels at
which the 38.5% rate would affect each filing status are
based precisely on the ratios for the current tax brackets.
   Second, Mr. Gigot seems bothered that singles would pay
the new higher rate on income that many would call "middle
class" -- income above $90,000. But he does not explain that
this level refers to taxable income -- after every deduction,
exemption and credit have been claimed. Singles with taxable
incomes of $90,000, on average, have gross incomes of
$120,000 to $135,000. Moreover, because the cuts in the two
lower rates apply to all taxpayers, a net larger income-tax
burden would apply to most singles only when their gross
incomes exceeded about $140,000. Similarly, a larger net-tax
burden would actually fall on most heads of households with
gross incomes of more than about $170,000, and on most
families filing joint returns with gross incomes of more than
about $215,000.
   Third, Mr. Gigot should not be concerned that this plan
would end up requiring more tax increases down the road by
increasing the deficit: The plan is revenue-neutral.
   What Mr. Gigot did not address is the point behind the
proposal: to ease the tax burden on nearly all Americans
without imposing an unreasonable hardship on anyone else. The
38.5% rate would affect only those with high incomes -- the
top 5% -- and their effective income-tax burden after the
reform would still be less than in the late 1970s and no
higher than in 1980. And as points of comparison, the 38.5%
marginal rate would be considerably lower than those applied
already by Japan, where income from $80,000 to $160,000 is
taxed at 40% under the national income tax and income above
$160,000 is subject to a 50% tax rate, as well as far lower
than the 50% rate hailed by supply-siders in 1981 as the
linchpin of economic revival.
   Robert J. Shapiro
   Progressive Policy Institute
   Washington