Law:
   Developers Sue
   Westinghouse Unit
   Over `Partnership'
   ----
   By Gabriella Stern
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Westinghouse said it is engaged in "active settlement
talks" with plaintiffs' attorneys. "We're hopeful we'll
arrive at an agreement," a Westinghouse spokesman said. The
suit, filed in federal court in Albuquerque, N.M., seeks $900
million in actual and punitive damages.
   The suit provides a glimpse into the dealings of
Westinghouse's credit unit under former Chairman William
Powe, a real estate enthusiast who left the company under
pressure last fall. In the past four quarters, Westinghouse
has been forced to take $2.6 billion in pretax charges
because of loan losses in the unit's real estate portfolio.
   The suit alleges Westinghouse formed a partnership with
developers Bob and Ed Tonti of New Orleans so that the
company could maintain investments in depressed properties
for long periods of time without having to disclose
short-term losses in value and depreciation costs.
   Westinghouse allegedly extended $350 million of so-called
mortgage loans in the 1980s at favorable rates to the Tontis
in exchange for their stewardship of properties in Florida,
Louisiana, Texas, New Mexico and Colorado. The suit alleges
Westinghouse gave the Tontis equity interest in the
properties and released them from liability on the loans.
   The suit alleges, however, that since Mr. Powe's
departure, Westinghouse has called in loans or sought control
of loans in other ways, in violation of the partnership
agreement.