Technology  Medicine:
   Unisys Will Cut
   Costs Via Pact
   With Motorola
   ----
   By Paul B. Carroll
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Reto Braun, Unisys's president, said in an interview that
the agreement should also help the company develop its
mainframes faster. Although Unisys and Motorola have shared
some technologies in the past, which have then been used in
chips that account for more than 80% of those in Unisys
mainframes, the new agreement will give Unisys access to
those technologies much sooner.
   Mr. Braun said Unisys will continue to work on
semiconductor techniques, such as chip and packaging design,
which it will then contribute to the arrangement with
Motorola. He said a total of 30 to 50 people from the two
companies will collaborate on this arrangement.
   Like many other computer companies, Unisys, based in Blue
Bell, Pa., has already taken steps to streamline its use of
semiconductors to cut costs. It recently announced a decision
to use only Intel Corp. processors in its workstations, a
move that lets Unisys cut development costs by reducing the
number of processors its engineers have to design into
products. In return for that commitment to Intel, Unisys also
got earlier access to Intel chip technologies.
   Such cost-cutting efforts appear to have begun paying off
for Unisys. After three dreadful years, Unisys reported a
surprisingly strong fourth-quarter profit of $80.5 million,
or 31 cents a share; even though revenue dropped 16% to $2.46
billion. The stock, at $5 before the announcement, surged to
$7 that day. In New York Stock Exchange composite trading
yesterday, the stock was quoted at $7.50, down 25 cents.