World Markets:
   Tokyo Index Fails to Rebound Through Barrier
   As Market's Broad Fall Presages Further Losses
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy and Clay Chandler
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
"Some people have picked 18000 as the natural resistance
point," said Maynard Toll, president of CS First Boston
(Japan). "The consensus view is that the market will spend
most of the year around 20000."
   On Tuesday, the Nikkei closed at 19917.63, up 80.47,
following a round early in the day of heavy selling by
investment trusts, Japan's mutual funds. Volume was an
estimated 350 million shares, up from 240.2 million shares a
day earlier, when the market plunged 618.90 points, knocking
the Nikkei below the 20000 mark for the first time in more
than five years.
   Despite Tuesday's gains on the Nikkei, stock declines in
the market's first section outnumbered gains 728-271. The
Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, which measures the first
section overall, fell 10.99 points to 1433.87.
   On Wednesday, the Nikkei index fell 317.67 points to close
the morning session at 19599.96.
   "The market has to go a little lower to find a proper
base," said Richard Greer, branch manager of Baring
Securities (Japan) Ltd. Mr. Greer said he expected to see the
1992 market recover, at best, to 23000, or about where it
started this year.
   The virtual stagnation -- trading volume also is expected
to remain low -- is expected as part of Japan's recovery from
its financial excesses of the late 1980s. The metaphor for
the cheap credit Japan enjoyed then is strong drink, which
led to swaggering, foolish excesses -- and the hangover. In
the securities field, Mr. Greer said, "Everybody went on a
bender."
   In a budget committee meeting Tuesday in the upper house
of the Diet, or parliament, Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa
said the government would try to prevent battered investor
confidence from deteriorating, but stopped short of spelling
out specific measures to rescue the market.
   Likewise with the Finance Ministry. "I don't think there
is any reason for new measures," said a bureaucrat in the
ministry's securities section. "These problems must be worked
out by the market."
   Any official hand-wringing also was absent at Japan's
central bank. The stock market's decline has raised already
high expectations that Bank of Japan Governor Yasushi Mieno
will announce another cut in the official discount rate soon,
perhaps within days. In an appearance Monday before the
Japanese parliament, however, Mr. Mieno said it was still too
early to lower rates again.
   Still, many economists are so convinced the bank will
lower the rate again soon that they were already debating the
timing of the additional cut they are sure will follow it.
The discount rate, which is the fee the central bank charges
banks for loans, stands at 4.5%.
   The government's low-key response to the wobbly market may
be calculated to sooth investor nerves. But some people
believe regulators' laissez-faire posture reflects a
recognition that, at this stage, they can't really do much.
   ---
   Other Markets
                                                                                                       

   London share prices finished higher Tuesday, helped by the
latest political opinion poll and news of a potential merger
of Midland Bank and the parent of Hongkong  Shanghai Bank.
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index rose 20.5
points to 2491.2, near the intraday high of 2494.4. The FT
30-stock index added 9.9 points to 1940.8. Volume was 450
million shares, compared with 364 million shares a day
earlier.
   The latest political survey gave Britain's governing
Conservative Party a three-point lead over the opposition
Labor Party in the April 9 election. In the stock market's
previous four sessions, the 100-share index had shed 104.1
points as investors had priced in the possibility of a Labor
victory.
   In Frankfurt, stock prices advanced modestly in a cautious
session with light turnover. The DAX 30-stock index gained
5.27 points to 1730.07, near the intraday high of 1733.16.
Volume was held back ahead of Friday's "triple witching
hour," when three sets of options and futures contracts
expire on the parallel German Futures and Options Exchange,
and stock investors fear volatility and uncertainty. Dealers
also were sidelined ahead of a menu of important economic
data from the U.S. that was to be released after Frankfurt's
market closed.
   The U.S. data spurred a broad advance in Paris share
prices. Zurich stocks' climb came mainly from support by
favorable performance on other big European exchanges and
stable Swiss interest rates.
   On Asian and Pacific bourses, the fallout from Tokyo
continued to cause nervousness, pushing shares down in Sydney
and Singapore. Hong Kong stocks recovered from steep losses
to finish with moderate declines. In Taipei, political
uncertainty caused stock prices to plunge. But Seoul shares
ended higher, buoyed by news that the government was working
on an aid measure to help ease the financial crunch hitting
small manufacturing companies.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, major brokerage
houses and 10 second-tier firms said they would announce
Wednesday the latest revisions of their earnings forecasts
for the fiscal year ending March 31, and reductions were
expected. Among the Big Four firms, Nomura Securities will
issue a revision, while Yamaichi Securities hadn't decided.
Daiwa Securities revised its earnings prediction last
Thursday. Nomura fell 20 yen to 1,130 yen ($8.46). Nikko
Securities eased 1 to 619. Daiwa slumped 15, or 2%, to 735.
And Yamaichi skidded 15, or 2.7%, to 545.
   Asahi Chemical Industry added 1 to 606. The company said
it expects to post pretax profit for the year ending March 31
of 68 billion yen ($509 million), down 28% from a year
earlier. The revision represents a 32% decrease from its May
projection of 100 billion yen.
   In Hong Kong, HSBC Holdings dropped 25 cents to 45.25 Hong
Kong dollars (US$5.85), and in London, Midland Bank soared 76
pence, or 30%, to 329 pence ($5.62), after the companies
disclosed they were holding merger talks.
   Also in London, George Wimpey jumped 16 pence, or 12%, to
147 pence ($2.51). The construction company posted a 1991
pretax loss of #16.1 million ($27.5 million), compared with
year-earlier pretax profit of #43.3 million, but maintained
its annual dividend at 10.5 pence a share.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                Mar 16     Mar 13     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .......................    380.8     380.6     - 2.4
 Britain ....................    736.9     738.8       0.0
 Canada .....................    388.0     391.5     - 2.0
 Japan ......................    826.8     839.6     -16.4
 France .....................    546.3     550.3     + 9.2
 Germany ....................    266.3     267.6     + 9.5
 Hong Kong ..................   3719.2    3732.8     +20.1
 Switzerland ................    220.9     220.1     + 7.7
 Australia ..................    338.5     339.2     - 3.6
 World index ................    490.2     492.9     - 8.4