New Securities Issues
CIT Group Holdings Inc. -- A $150 million issue of 6.00%
amortizing notes, due Feb. 15, 1997, was priced at 99.339 to
yield 6.24%. Because of the amortizing structure of the
issue, it has an average life of 3.05 years. The noncallable
notes were priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the
Treasury's when-issued three year note. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard
 Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Chase Securities Inc.
   Chase Manhattan Corp. -- A $150 million issue of
cumulative preferred stock was priced through underwriters
led by Merrill Lynch  Co. The six million shares of
$25-a-share preferred were priced at par with a $2.27
dividend to yield 9.08%. The first dividend payment will be
made March 31. The issue, which is noncallable for five
years, is rated Ba2 by Moody's and triple-B-minus by SP.
   National Fuel Gas Co. -- A $125 million issue of 7.75%
debentures, due Feb. 1, 2004, priced at 98.469 to yield 7.95%
by Kidder Peabody. The noncallable debentures were priced at
a spread of 73 basis points over the comparable Treasury
note. The issue is rated single-A-3 by Moody's and
triple-Bplus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Forest Laboratories Inc. -- An issue of three million
common shares priced at $36.625 a share through underwriters
led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Cash America Investment Inc. -- An issue of two million
shares priced at $22.50 a share through underwriters led by
Eppler Guerin  Turner Inc. The size of the issue was
increased from 1,750,000 shares.
   Sholodge Inc. -- An initial public offering of 1,880,000
common shares priced at $14 a share through underwriters led
by J.C. Bradford  Co.
   International Jensen Inc. -- An initial public offering of
1,650,000 common shares priced at $11.50 a share through
underwriters led by William Blair  Co.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Ohio Public Facilities Commission -- $251.9 million of
higher education capital facilities special obligation bonds
Series II-1992 A, due Dec. 1, 1992-2007, apparently won by a
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. group. The bonds, rated single-A
by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, were priced for
reoffering to yield from 2.90% in 1992 to 6.45% in 2006 and
2007.
   Ohio Public Facilities Commission -- $62.2 million of
mental health capital facilities special obligation bonds,
Series II 1992 A, due Dec. 1, 1992-2006, apparently won by a
J.P. Morgan Securities group. The bonds, rated single-A by
Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, were priced for reoffering
to yield from 2.90% in 1992 to 6.45% in 2006.
   Jersey City, N.J. -- $57.3 million of qualified school
general obligation bonds, due Feb. 15, 1993-2017, apparently
won by a First Fidelity Securities group. The bonds, rated
singleA by Moody's and double-A by SP, were priced for
reoffering to yield from 4.50% in 1994 to 6.70% in 2013-2017.
The bonds maturing in 1993 are not formally reoffered to
investors.
   Onondaga County, N.Y. -- $55 million of public improvement
general obligation bonds, due Feb. 15, 1993-2012, apparently
won by a Merrill Lynch  Co. group. The bonds, rated double-A
by both Moody's and SP, were priced for reoffering to yield
from 3.90% in 1994 to 6.25% in 2011 and 2012. Bonds maturing
in 1993 are not formally reoffered to investors.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- A $300 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Donaldson,
Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The offering, Series
199246, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year 7.50% mortgage
securities. Additional details weren't immediately available.
                                                                                                       

                       MISCELLANEOUS
                                                                                                       

   University of Maryland System -- $66.7 million of
auxiliary facility and tuition revenue bonds Series 1992 A,
due Feb. 1, 1993-2010, 2012, and 2015, apparently won by a
Prudential Securities group. The bonds, rated double-A by
Moody's and double-A-plus by SP, were priced for reoffering
to yield from 3.00% in 1993 to 6.52% in 2015. Current
interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.00% in 1993
to 6.45% in 2009 and 2010. There are $10.26 million 6.30%
term bonds priced at 97.75 to yield 6.50% in 2012. There are
$2.02 million 6.375% term bonds priced at 98.25 to yield
6.52% in 2015.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Dresdner Finance (Germany) -- 500 million marks of 8%
Eurobonds due March 17, 1998, at an issue price of 101.70 via
Dresdner Bank AG. Guaranteed by Dresdner Bank AG. Fees 2.125.
   Eurofima (agency) -- 500 million Swedish kronor of 10.25%
Eurobonds due March 3, 1997, at an issue price of 101.125 via
Dresdner Bank. Fees 1.625.
   Victorian Public Authorities Finance Agency (Australia) --
100 million Australian dollars of 11% Eurobonds due March 12,
2002, at an issue price of 101.558 via Merrill Lynch
International PLC. Guaranteed by the state of Victoria. Fees
2.125.
   Banque Nationale de Paris (French) -- 50 million Canadian
dollars of 8% notes maturing Feb. 18, 1997, at a price of
99.95, reoffered at 99.325, via Wood Gundy. Reopening of the
C$100 million issue launched Jan. 3. Fees 1.875.
   Credit National (France) -- $60 million of zero-coupon
bonds maturing March 9, 2000, at par via Paribas Capital
Markets. Redemption linked to the performance of the Standard
 Poor's 500 index. Other terms to be fixed next Wednesday.
Fees 1.875.
   State Bank of South Australia (Australia) -- A$100 million
of 11% Eurobonds due April 10, 2002, at an issue price of
101.45 via lead underwriter Hambros Bank Ltd. The issue is
guaranteed by the state of South Australia, whose senior debt
outstanding is rated double-A-1 by Moody's. The
Luxembourg-listed bonds are in denominations of A$1,000 and
A$10,000. Settlement is due April 10, and interest is payable
annually.