McDonnell Says
   Plans Continue
   On Asian Venture
   ----
   By Jeff Cole
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Under terms of the memorandum of understanding, McDonnell
Douglas could sell an additional 9% to other Asian or
European investors if Taiwan took the full 40% investment,
leaving majority control in the hands of the St. Louis-based
concern.
   Last week, officials of government-backed Taiwan Aerospace
said that while their review of the deal is continuing, they
might buy as little as 25% of the Douglas operation if they
decide to go forward with the investment.
   A McDonnell Douglas spokesman said the company always has
characterized the 40% potential Taiwan stake as a maximum
investment, and has said that the company expects other
possible investments from interests in Japan, Korea,
Indonesia and Singapore. The spokesman also said that even if
Taiwan Aerospace buys 40%, "they might sell some of it."
   The spokesman said media reports suggest that the first
part of the Taiwan Aerospace review of the proposal is
complete, and that the Taiwanese are proceeding with a second
and final phase.
   In addition to political concerns being raised in Taipei
about the wisdom of a large commitment to the McDonnell
Douglas airliner development, Boeing Co. and U.S. legislators
raised concerns about the transaction in congressional
hearings last week. The arrangement was criticized for, among
other things, locating large numbers of jobs overseas,
transferring important technology outside the U.S. and
presenting the potential for government subsidization that
would resemble the subsidies provided for the Airbus
Industrie consortium in Europe.