International:
   U.S. Move on Honda
   Triggers Complaints
   By Japanese Officials
"If, based on examination of the facts, it becomes clear
that Japanese firms have been unjustly discriminated against,
we would ask U.S. authorities to correct the situation," Mr.
Watanabe said in a regularly scheduled news conference. His
comments were echoed by a Foreign Ministry spokesman, who
suggested that Japan might also raise the issue at an
international forum such as the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade.
   The Japanese officials noted that Canada has given notice
that it may appeal the Customs ruling under a
dispute-settlement provision of the free-trade agreement, and
expressed hope that the matter could be resolved through that
process. "This is, first of all, a U.S.-Canadian issue," Mr.
Watanabe said.
   Separately, Honda's president and chief executive officer,
Nobuhiko Kawamoto, called the Customs ruling "very difficult
to comprehend." Mr. Kawamoto last week said in an interview
that domestic U.S. political factors seemed to be influencing
the Customs decision. Other Honda officials have suggested
that, more than a question of anti-Japanese sentiment, their
case has been caught up in a U.S. political battle over
negotiating a free-trade agreement with Mexico.