Ex-Investor Sues
   Textile Firm, Says
   It Withheld News
   ----
   By George Anders
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The lawsuit, which was filed in Manhattan U.S. District
Court, was brought by a Canadian industrial company
identified in court papers only as TMCL. It concerns a tender
offer that Burlington Industries made to bondholders last
summer, in which the textile company bought back about $250
million of its junk bonds from holders at big discounts to
face value.
   TMCL, which is seeking class-action status for the
lawsuit, said that it sold to Burlington Industries $1.3
million face value of the textile company's 16.875% bonds due
in 2004. TMCL didn't disclose the price it received, but
Burlington Industries offered hoers of the 16.875% bonds 12
cents to 16 cents for each dollar of face value.
   TMCL, in its lawsuit, alleges that last year's tender
offer circular "created the false and misleading impression"
of financial difficulties at Burlington Industries and was
"intentionally written to discourage investors from
continuing to hold the debt securities."
   Last December, closely held Burlington Industries reported
sharply improved quarterly results, and in January it filed
plans to go public by selling an 83% stake for more than $800
million. Proceeds from the stock sale, which is expected to
be completed this week, will be used to reduce debt. Prices
of all Burlington Industries bonds have surged in recent
months.
   The TMCL lawsuit also names Morgan Stanley  Co. and
several of its executives as defendants. Morgan Stanley owns
a minority stake in Burlington Industries and is underwriting
the company's planned stock offering. Morgan Stanley also
said the lawsuit is "without merit."