Marketing  Media:
   Sony's Lieberthal
   To Retire as Chairman
   Of Television Division
The move was unexpected and was voluntary, according to
Sony officials. No successor was named, although it is
expected it will be someone from outside Columbia.
   In September 1990, Mr. Lieberthal joined Columbia's board
of directors and signed a long-term agreement that was widely
viewed as one of the richest contracts in the television
business.
   In an interview, Mr. Lieberthal, who will remain on
Columbia's board, said, "I'm ready to get on with my life. I
have finished everything I set out to do in the television
business." He said he would relocate to Charlottesville, Va.,
and serve as consultant to the company. Mr. Lieberthal also
will represent Sony Pictures Entertainment's legislative
interests in Washington, D.C.
   Under Mr. Lieberthal, who joined the television division
in 1986, when Columbia acquired Embassy Communications Inc.,
where he was chairman and chief executive officer, Columbia
has enjoyed ratings and financial success in prime time
network television. Its shows are on every broadcast network
and include "Who's the Boss?" on Capital Cities/ABC Inc.'s
network, "Married . . . With Children" on News Corp.'s Fox
Broadcasting Co. and "Designing Women" on CBS Inc.'s network.
   Profits from Columbia's television unit have pulled the
movie operation through some unprofitable seasons.