Politics  Policy:
   Senate Republicans Plan to Introduce
   At Least One Tax Plan Backed by Bush
   ----
   By Jeffrey H. Birnbaum
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In addition, the Republican alternative is expected to
call for repeal of the luxury tax that was enacted in 1990
and for easing of the corporate alternative minimum tax.
   The GOP proposal isn't expected to pass as Democrats
outnumber Republicans in the Senate 57-43. Rather, Republican
senators see their alternative as a device to inject the
president's voice into the Senate debate.
   The Democratic proposal, which is expected to win Senate
approval, isn't expected to become law either. President Bush
already has vowed to veto it because it would increase taxes
on the wealthy.
   Specifically, the Democrats' plan would establish a surtax
on millionaires and a new 36% income tax rate on couples with
taxable income above $175,000 in order to pay for a new
$300-a-child tax credit for people with adjusted gross
incomes below $50,000. The Republican alternative wouldn't
raise tax rates, though its sponsors contend that the
proposed capital-gains tax change would increase revenue.
Their bill also wouldn't cut taxes for middle-income
Americans.
   Some Republicans, however, are considering proposing a
second GOP alternative that would reduce taxes for
middle-income people. That plan, pushed by Sen. Pete Domenici
(R., N.M.) among others, would pay for the middle-class tax
cut with savings drawn from reductions in projected military
spending.