Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Gain 14.98 to a Record
   On Signs of Economic Rebound
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"It looks like we've busted loose into another move up in
the cyclicals, based on better prospects for the economy,"
said Robert Robbins, technical analyst at Robinson-Humphrey.
   The Commerce Department reported that its index of leading
economic indicators rose 0.9% in January, more than many
economists had expected. Sales of new single-family homes
surged 12.9% in the month.
   But the stock market's gains were tempered again by
worries about interest rates, which have been edging higher
in the bond market. Rising rates kept the stock market
constrained to narrow gains Monday after a slew of
encouraging economic reports. Bonds slid again yesterday,
although they were off their lows late in the session.
   "The market has got to be leery of interest rates creeping
up all across the yield curve," says Christopher Pedersen,
head of trading at Twenty-First Securities. Mr. Pedersen says
an upturn in rates could draw investors away from stocks,
drying up the liquidity that has been keeping share prices
high.
   That caution is evident in the broader market, which
gained much less than the Dow Jones industrials. The Standard
 Poor's 500-Stock Index, for example, rose just 0.40 to
412.85 -- equal to about a threepoint move by the industrial
average. The SP 500 index is still about 1% below where it
started the year.
   The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index added 0.23 to
228.43 and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index rose 0.31 to
390.07. Advancers outpaced decliners 929 to 776. Volume was
200,860,000, up from Monday's 180,380,000.
   Thomas Gallagher, managing director in charge of capital
commitment, said the divergence between the industrial
average and the broader market is making many traders
nervous.
   "There's a lot of disbelief and a lot of concern about
carrying {stock} positions overnight," said Mr. Gallagher.
"You could be setting yourself up for a big correction," or
market pullback, he warns.
   But Robinson-Humphrey's Mr. Robbins said the reasons for
the divergence are healthy: the shift of market leadership
away from growth stocks toward cyclicals. He added that
growth stocks have only suffered a "trading correction" in
the meantime, and will follow the cyclicals higher later on.
   Among the cyclical stocks helping move the Dow Jones
Industrial Average, Allied-Signal gained 1 1/2 to 51 1/2 and
United Technologies rose 1 3/4 to 53 3/8.
   Aluminum Co. of America rose 3 to 73 3/4. The company said
it will eliminate 4% of its research staff in an effort to
cut its technical center's budget by $5 million to $140
million.
   Other metals stocks gained, including Phelps Dodge, which
rose 2 3/4 to 84 5/8, and on the American Stock Exchange,
Maxxam, which rose 1 7/8 to 41 3/4.
   Some gold stocks slipped, however.
   Homestake Mining dropped 3/8 to 15 1/4 and ASA Ltd.
slipped 1/2 to 47 3/8.
   Airline and air freight companies rallied. AMR rose 3/8 to
79 1/8 after it said it would match some recent fare
increases by UAL, Delta and Continental Airlines.
   Airborne Freight gained 1 1/2 to 29 1/4 and Federal
Express added 1 5/8 to 53 7/8.
   Santa Fe Pacific rose 3/8 to 11 3/4 after Shearson Lehman
Brothers upgraded its rating on the stock, citing the stock's
recent drop from the 52-week high of 14 1/8.
   ITT gained 3 3/8 to 69 7/8. The company expects to post a
$400 million gain on the sale of its stake in Alcatel N.V.
ITT said it may use some of the cash received from the sale
to buy back stock.
   Nutmeg Industries jumped 3 3/8 to 24 1/4 after reporting
fourth-quarter profit of 23 cents a share, up from six cents
a year ago.
   Bally Manufacturing added 3/8 to 7 1/4. Casino revenues
were up 17.5% in February from a year ago.
   Duracell dropped 7/8 to 28 1/4. The company plans to
produce mercury-free batteries in response to bans in some
communities against the disposal of batteries containing
mercury.
   Student Loan Marketing tumbled 2 3/4 to 63 1/4. Sen. Lloyd
Bentsen came out in support of a plan to revamp the
government's student loan progam, circumventing agencies like
Sallie Mae.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 1.30
to 415.49. Volume was 16,307,000 shares, down slightly from
Monday's 16,741,000. There were 320 advancers and 293
decliners.
   Amdahl lost 1 3/8 to 18 5/8. The company is delaying
shipment of its latest series of mainframe computers until
the third quarter. Shipments were expected to begin in the
second quarter. The company said the delay shouldn't affect
1992 earnings, however.
   Comptek Research, a defense contractor, received two
government contract extensions valued at $14.7 million. The
stock rose 3 1/4 to 37.