Bally's Chairman
   Reduces His Stake
   In Concern to 2.5%
   ----
   By Pauline Yoshihashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Goldberg, who became the Chicago company's largest
shareholder and chairman in 1990 following a management
shakeup, sold the shares March 3 at $6.75 to $7.25 apiece for
a total of about $5.8 million. He now holds 902,967 common
shares, including 166,667 shares issuable upon the exercise
of options within 60 days. He also holds additional options
for 1.3 million shares.
   Mr. Goldberg said he sold off the stock for estate
purposes and other reasons. Last week he was approved for a
casino license by regulators in New Jersey, where Bally owns
two casinos, and said that as a result he wanted to dissolve
a limited partnership that held some of his stock.
   Talks on the Reno property are progressing, but Mr.
Goldberg and a spokesman for Harvey's declined to elaborate.
Under the reorganization plan, Bally could receive a bonus of
$1 million for selling off the property for more than $71.5
million.
   Bally paid investor Kirk Kerkorian $587 million for the
Reno and Las Vegas properties in 1986. In the reorganization
plan, a valuation expert estimates the market value of the
Reno property at about $65 million, while the Las Vegas
casino and adjacent real estate are valued at about $192
million.
   The reorganization plan has not been approved by all the
unit's bondholders, and lawyers for the unit's second- and
third-mortgage holders said they object to various parts of
the proposal.
   Under the plan, holders of the unit's $320 million of 11
1/2% first mortgage notes outstanding would receive all of
the reorganized unit's common stock, and $250 million of new
eight-year, 12% first mortgage notes. Holders of the unit's
$84.2 million outstanding of 13% second mortgage notes would
receive about $16.8 million principal amount of the new
notes. Holders of about $12 million of 12% senior
subordinated notes would receive nothing.