Who's News:
   At Daimler-Benz AG,
   Reuter Will Remain
   Chairman Past Age 65
The decision, announced yesterday after a meeting of the
company's supervisory board, ends months of speculation about
when Mr. Reuter would step down. As now envisioned, he will
leave the post at the end of 1995.
   The move doesn't answer the bigger question of who will
succeed him, and no decision is expected soon. But it does
set the stage for other leadership changes at Germany's
largest industrial group. Werner Niefer, the company's deputy
chairman and chairman of Daimler's auto and truck subsidiary,
Mercedes-Benz, is also 64 and will retire next year.
   If the company hadn't extended Mr. Reuter's appointment,
both men would have retired at the same time. Analysts say
the need for continuity was one reason Daimler's supervisory
board wanted to keep Mr. Reuter on the job. The supervisory
board of Mercedes, meanwhile, is expected to formally name
Helmut Werner as Mr. Niefer's successor, at a meeting today.
Mr. Werner, 55, is often cited as an eventual successor to
Mr. Reuter.
   Mr. Reuter took over as chairman in 1987, leading the
company through its stormy acquisition of the state-owned
aerospace concern Messerschmitt-BoelkowBlohm G.m.b.H. Mr.
Reuter, who has vowed to turn Daimler into an "integrated
technology concern," also has spearheaded efforts to forge a
strategic alliance with Japan's Mitsubishi industrial group.