World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Sputter in Futures-Driven Session;
   Prices Strengthen in London, Rally in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
The Nikkei 225-stock index, which rose 441.12 points
Monday, lost 452.95, or 2.12%, to 20872.03.
   In Tokyo Wednesday, the Nikkei index fell 160.54 points to
close the morning session at 20711.49.
   Tuesday's first-section turnover continued to be light,
leaving the market vulnerable to even small amounts of
selling. Volume was estimated at 200 million shares, down a
bit from 205.6 million shares a day earlier. Losers
overwhelmed gainers, 608328, while 177 issues finished
unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which gained 4.52 points Monday, gave
up 19.84, or 1.27%, to 1539.99.
   The Nikkei fell from a morning high of 21294.02 to a low
of 20807.40 in the afternoon, largely because of arbitrage
selling. Stocks of banks and securities companies declined
sharply, while some high-priced issues with strong earnings
outlooks attracted what little buying there was.
   Volatility increased because of speculative trading linked
to futures and options by Japanese banks and trust banks,
which are desperate to reduce their stock-trading losses by
arbitrage and options trading ahead of March 31 fiscal-year
book closing. Volume was effectively overstated, as it
included cross-trading, which is neutral to stock prices and
often increases at this time of year as institutional
investors transfer stocks between accounts to improve
performance for fiscal year-end accounts. Stocks also were
hurt by Japan's gloomy economic outlook, following
disappointing government reports on inventory levels, Tokyo
department store sales and industrial machinery orders.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index rose 14.9 points to 2555.9, only slightly off the
intraday high of 2557.1. The FT 30-stock index advanced 13.1
points to 1983.7. Volume was 559.3 million shares, compared
with 465.5 million shares a day earlier.
   Given a lack of a clear near-term direction for equities,
London market makers adjusted prices higher in hopes of
attracting more institutional support to the market after the
day-earlier 27-point rise. Rumors of a large potential
takeover bid sparked some buying, and stock prices also got
some support from anticipation of an interest-rate reduction
ahead of the fiscal 1993 budget the government is to issue
March 10. Wall Street's modest rise early Tuesday didn't have
a discernible effect on the London bourse, and analysts
questioned its recent strength, driven mainly by technical
factors.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index climbed 13.92 points
to 1694.99. All but one of the DAX issues advanced and the
broad market scored gains, buoyed by gains in blue chips with
earnings and sales that are dollar sensitive. Still, the
bourse once again couldn't generate enough momentum to pierce
the 1700 resistance level on the DAX. The dollar's influence
on stocks was dismissed in some quarters, where the day's
gains were viewed as technical in nature involving
expirations of contracts on the futures and options market
and buying by German funds.
   Elsewhere in Europe, a late rally in Paris pushed equities
broadly higher, despite some brief profit-taking. In
Amsterdam, stocks' gains resulted largely from the sharply
firmer dollar. In Milan, share prices fell across the board
as investors followed through on the sell-off that began late
Monday.
   Across Asia and the Pacific, big bourses had a mixed
performance overall. Sydney shares rose on buying by U.S. and
British investors. Hong Kong stocks staged a technical bounce
back from Monday's slump, as investors focused on
conglomerates and banks, which are forecast to post robust
earnings for 1991. Singapore equities' rally was encouraged
by sharp rises in Malaysian shares traded over the counter
and rumors of a base lending-rate cut in Malaysia. But in
Taipei, stocks ended widely and sharply lower, amid growing
pessimism about record high margin-trading loans, political
unrest, and the Taiwan central bank's vow to keep the money
supply's rapid growth control.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, TDK fell 60 yen,
or 1.4%, to 4,290 yen ($33.57). The magnetic tapes maker's
group pretax profit for its third quarter ended Dec. 31
dropped 23% to 14.01 billion yen ($109.6 million) from a year
earlier. TDK cited sluggish sales, especially in the market
for computer and television parts, and slowing consumer
demand in Japan and abroad. A spokeswoman said TDK, which had
predicted in November an 11% decline in pretax profit to 40
billion yen for the fiscal year, now expects a 20% drop,
though a revision won't be announced before results are
posted in May. Kirin Brewery lost 30, or 2.3%, to 1,270. The
beer brewer, Japan's largest, reported a 1.8% gain in 1991
unconsolidated pretax profit to 86.42 billion yen, despite a
3% drop in sales to 1.316 trillion yen. For this year, Kirin
expects pretax profit to edge up to 87 billion yen.
   In London, Royal Insurance Holdings added 2 pence to 232
pence ($4.12). The company unveiled, as expected, a new joint
holding company with Aachener  Munchener
Beteiligungs-Aktiengesellschaft of Germany and Fondiaria of
Italy to pursue European business outside the three insurers'
home markets. The new Luxembourg holding company, to be named
EPIC European Partners for Insurance Cooperation, will buy
Royal's Dutch holding company, the principal arm of which is
Royal Nederland, for #205 million ($363.9 million). Also
being transferred to EPIC will be Royal's Dutch
life-insurance company, Royal Leven, which Royal Nederland
will buy for #20 million. To finance the two purchases,
Royal, AMB and Fondiaria each will invest #59 million in
EPIC, which also will borrow #34 million. For Royal, this
will result in a net gain of #166 million, which the company,
facing huge losses in Britain from mortgage insurance, will
use to reduce debt.
   In Paris, Elf Aquitaine rose 4 French francs, or 1.1%, to
368 francs ($66.64). Elf and Kazakhstan have completed an
agreement under which the French company will explore for and
produce oil in the former Soviet republic. Elf said that it
intended to invest "several hundred million dollars" for
exploration in the venture, which the company will operate as
the only partner, and that it hoped to begin production in
1995. The Kazakhstan deal follows a similar one signed with
Russia on Feb. 6; this contract could boost Elf's equity
crude oil reserves more than 20%, or 800 million barrels.
   ---
   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       


                                  Feb 17    Feb 14     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ..........................   385.8     385.8    - 1.1
 Britain .......................   753.5     745.4    + 2.2
 Canada ........................   403.8     404.0    + 2.0
 Japan .........................   901.9     898.1    - 8.9
 France ........................   531.5     527.1    + 6.2
 Germany .......................   260.3     260.8    + 7.0
 Hong Kong .....................  3477.9    3516.0    +12.3
 Switzerland ...................   220.2     219.5    + 7.4
 Australia .....................   343.5     344.9    - 2.2
 World index ...................   515.9     513.2    - 3.6