New Jersey Assembly
   Fails to Roll Back
   1990 Tax Increases
Assembly Democrats last month had expressed confidence in
the passage of the five-bill package, a package similar to
the one passed in the Senate Dec. 18, which rolls back $2.8
billion in taxes on personal income, sales, gasoline, alcohol
and cigarettes.
   The rollback would take the form of a "sunset" provision
canceling most of the tax increases after June 30, when the
next fiscal year's budget takes effect. Higher income tax
rates would be cut back on Jan. 1, 1993. The idea is to make
the Republicans take the heat for any new taxes or budget
cuts that then have to be imposed. The Republicans, who were
swept in by voters' anger against the taxes, have only
promised to reduce the sales tax to 6% from 7%.
   The Assembly Democrats' confidence began to wane shortly
after the Assembly reconvened this month, when some Democrats
began to waver, a dissident assemblyman offered a competing
tax rollback and spending cuts plan and Assembly Republicans
closed ranks and refused to vote for any tax-repeal package.
   The rollback package failed to gain the 41 votes necessary
for passage, thus effectively ending the tax repeal drive
until the Republican majorities take over both houses of the
state legislature tomorrow.
   Gov. Florio, who had pushed the unpopular taxes through
the legislature about a year and a half ago, had not endorsed
any position and has not issued a statement on the vote,
though sources in the legislature said the governor pressed
behind the scenes to scuttle the tax repeal, because he
feared the "fiscal chaos" that might result.