Ford's Thrift Unit
   Agrees to Settle
   Charges by U.S.
   ----
   By Paulette Thomas
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The government charged that First Nationwide, which has
$20 billion in assets and is one of the nation's largest
thrifts, improperly extended unsecured credit to Ford Motor,
Ford Aerospace and other affiliates, and that it engaged in
other improper intra-company transactions involving
management fees and service agreements.
   The government also cited a transaction in which First
Nationwide acquired a share in a pool of loans from an
affiliate SL, based on a six-month-old review of the loan
portfolio. The thrift office deemed reliance on the old
review "insufficient."
   According to the thrift office, First Nationwide contended
that all the transactions were proper and that any loans to
affiliates were secured by funds in separate accounts. "We
believe the fines are out of proportion to the issues raised
by the {government}," said John Devine, chairman of First
Nationwide. "However, we are pleased to get on with our
business and resolve this matter without the diversion and
expense of litigation."
   Under the civil consent order, First Nationwide and its
units -- First Nationwide Bank, San Francisco; Columbia
Savings Bank, Englewood, Colo.; Cardinal Federal Savings
Bank, Cleveland; and Pathway Financial, Chicago -- each
agreed to pay $80,000, without admitting wrongdoing.
   In an earlier, separate supervisory agreeement, First
Nationwide agreed to review its 1989 and 1990 transactions
with affiliates that exceeded $50,000 to determine whether
they complied with regulations. That review is complete, the
thrift office said, and First Nationwide has taken corrective
actions.