World Markets:
   London Shares Drop on British Election Outlook;
   Stocks Firm a Bit in Tokyo, Tumble in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
The session's gloominess stemmed from uncertainty about
the outcome of Britain's April 9 elections, and investors
didn't want to commit any fresh funds to equities. Stocks
were depressed from the outset as weekend opinion polls
generally gave the opposition Labor Party a slight lead over
the ruling Conservatives. In addition, poor British trade
data sent shock waves through the market, which perceived
that the figures could underscore the economy's dismal state
and spill over into the next political opinion polls. The
trade report was the last major economic indicator to be
released before the elections. The government tried to
sidestep the trade issue, and the two main parties continued
to battle over their tax and spending plans. Meanwhile,
British lending figures aren't expected to show any signs of
life in the housing market, and an interest-rate cut soon is
viewed as only a remote possibility.
   In Tokyo, the Nikkei 225-stock index, which rose 420.78
points Thursday before Friday's holiday closing, added 54.51
to 20239.60.
   On Tuesday, the Nikkei index fell 256.23 points to close
the morning session at 19,983.37.
   Monday's first-section volume was estimated at 280 million
shares, down sharply from 567.2 million shares in the
previous session. Gainers outnumbered losers, 672323, and 162
issues finished unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first
section issues, which gained 43.36 points Thursday, was up
8.74 at 1459.88.
   The modest gains were helped by growing expectations for a
discount-rate cut by Japan's central bank later this week and
by reduced stock-selling pressure related to book closings at
the end of the fiscal year next Tuesday. After advancing
strongly on index-linked buying and shortcovering, the market
lost most of its early gains; cautious investors didn't
follow through on the early buying, while shortterm fund
dealers took profits. Some investors began buying oversold
shares, judging that the market had hit bottom last week and
that selling linked to the fiscal year end was mainly
finished. Long-term investors such as pension funds placed
buy orders for a wide range of shares, contributing to the
market's firmness, but they acted only on price declines,
unwilling to push equities higher.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index skidded 18.83 points,
or 1.08%, to 1717.47, as the market was overcome by concerns
about high German interest rates and lower German bond
prices. Turnover was light, as the consolidation that began
in late February continued.
   In Paris, share prices fell broadly because of concerns
about the direction of interest rates, some program-related
selling and a weak showing on the financial futures market;
Sunday's regional elections in France had little effect on
the bourse.
   Hong Kong shares were swept higher by a wave of afternoon
buying, with utilities leading the way. Taipei shares
slumped, knocked down by the financial sector, after banking
shares were dumped because of a margin call for shareholders
of three major government-run commercial banks.
   Among corporate developments, in London, ECC Group fell 7
pence, or 1.4%, to 486 pence ($8.33). The minerals and
building materials company's 1991 pretax profit climbed 57%
to #115.4 million ($197.8 million) from a year earlier, in
line with ECC's forecast last month to accompany a #209
million rights issue. The year-earlier results were restated
from their 15-month base to facilitate a comparison. The
dividend was boosted 2% to 20 pence a share. ECC linked the
improvements to cost reductions, spending controls, disposal
of non-core assets and debt reduction.
   ECC also said that it will seek shareholder approval soon
to assume its former name, English China Clays PLC, and that
it hopes to transfer its listing for American depositary
receipts to the New York Stock Exchange from the Nasdaq
system by late April.
   In Frankfurt, Commerzbank fell 5.5 marks, or 2.1%, to
257.10 marks ($153.90). The commercial bank said that its
1991 full operating profit -- before taxes and including
interest and commission income less costs, and gains or
losses from trading for its own account -- advanced more than
30% to an indicated 1.95 billion marks ($1.17 billion), but
that it will hold its regular annual cash dividend unchanged
at 10 marks a share. Also, to cover risks on loans to the
former Soviet Union, Commerzbank will boost its reserves to
exceed 60% of the 900 million marks of exposure not backed by
government guarantees.
   Bayerische Hypotheken-  Wechselbank gave up 6.5, or 1.6%,
to 406.50. HypoBank's 1991 group operating profit rose 27% to
1.37 billion marks. Parent-company operating profit increased
23% to 1.17 billion marks. The annual dividend was maintained
at 13 marks a share.
   Bayerische Vereinsbank dropped 7.5, or 1.8%, to 413. The
bank said its 1991 group full operating profit "rose
strongly" to 1.22 billion marks; this marked the first time
the company disclosed results in this category, and it didn't
give a year-earlier figure. Last week, the bank said group
partial operating profit, which includes lending and
commission income but excludes results from the bank's own
account trading, rose 21% to 1.19 billion marks.
   In Milan, Pirelli  C. skidded 60 lire, or 1.3%, to 4,390
lire ($3.50). The investment company, which is controlled by
Italy's Pirelli family, said its 1991 consolidated profit
slumped 63% to 20.1 billion lire ($16 million), primarily
because of the skipped dividend by Societe Internationale
Pirelli and the reduced dividend paid by Pirelli S.p.A.
Pirelli  C. slashed its ordinary dividend 75% to 50 lire a
share and its savings dividend 68% to 70 lire a share.
   In Hong Kong, Hongkong Land Holdings jumped 20 cents, or
1.9%, to 10.70 Hong Kong dollars (US$1.38). Exceeding market
expectations, the company, which owns a large part of the
colony's best commercial property, posted an 11% rise in 1991
profit to US$298 million, citing chiefly lower financing
expenses, and boosted its annual dividend 9.1% to 9 U.S.
cents a share. Hongkong Land is a major part of the Jardine
Matheson Holdings, which rose 50 cents, or 1.1%, to HK$47.75.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This
                             Mar 20     Mar 19     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ..................   385.0      383.9     - 1.3

   Canada ................   391.2      391.4     - 1.2
   Japan .................   834.9      834.9     -15.6
   France ................   544.6      545.1     + 8.8
   Germany ...............   267.5      266.1     + 9.9
   Hong Kong .............  3675.5     3642.1     +18.7
   Switzerland ...........   225.6      224.9     +10.0
   Australia .............   339.1      336.2     - 3.5
   World index ...........   492.5      493.9     - 8.0
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

   ISSUE (COUNTRY)                      CLOSE     %CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Midland Bank (England) ..........    3.430     +36.1
   Winnebago Industries (U.S.) .....    5.875     +20.5
   Tarmac (England) ................    1.460     +19.7
   Marieberg Tidn. A Fria (Sweden)    114.0       +18.8
   Marieberg Tidn. A (Sweden) ......  112.0       +17.9
   Esso (France) ...................  757.0       +16.3
   Wimpey (George) (England) .......    1.50      +16.3
   Crownx (Common) (Canada) ........    2.90      +15.5
   Salomon SA (France) ............. 1640.0       +15.5
   Aker A. Frie (Norway) ...........   62.50      +14.7
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

   Sceptre Resources (Canada) ......    0.70      -36.4
   Transco Energy (U.S.) ...........   12.0       -19.0
   Bet (England) ...................    1.250     -17.8
   Seibu Railway (Japan) ........... 2400.0       -17.0
   Hafnia Holding A (Denmark) ......  400.0       -16.7
   Forsayth (Australia) ............    0.150     -16.7
   Dainippon Ink. (Japan) ..........   430.0      -14.7
   Kurabo Industries (Japan) .......   570.0      -13.9
   Robt. Jones Inv. (N.Zealand) ....     0.250    -13.8
   Tobishima (Japan) ...............   660.0      -13.7
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective