Letters to the Editor:
   Goso They Know, Plato Not So
Perhaps there is something to be gained from learning
about the geography, peoples and foodstuffs of a continent
and way of life so different from our own in the U.S.
Perhaps, following this line of thought, every ecosystem
everywhere, e.g., in South America, in Asia, should be
studied, too. I think there is an imbalance here. Worse, I
think it is motivated by some political perception of
African-American needs, and may be no more than an attempt to
change that need through the susceptible minds of children. I
sense failure.
   Education needs attention. Everyone, including the
president, says so. Yes, but shouldn't that attention
correspond to our world, this nation and the states, towns
and villages that our children will one day have as their own
responsibility? African studies are not as relevant to an
understanding of our way of life -- our political, economic,
social systems -- as are the history, events and statistics
of Western civilization. Just compare Goso the philosopher to
Plato. Who is Goso? Ask the third-graders. Who is Plato? My
daughter, so far, does not know.
   I am not sorry to tell my African and Asian and South
American friends and colleagues that they are Americans and
that their children are as important as mine. I sincerely
doubt if Goso motivated Jefferson or the other builders of
this nation. We have inherited a nation that had certain
major influences acting upon it. Let us teach the importance
of history. Children's inquisitiveness will, naturally, take
care of the rest, unless the curriculum deadens their senses
by depriving them of the means to measure, and the important
measurements of, America.
   Eugene Schlanger
   New York