New Securities Issues
Loral Corp. -- $100 million issue of senior debentures,
due Feb. 1, 2022, was priced as 9 1/8% at 99.846 to yield
9.14%. The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of
148 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated
Baa-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by
Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Advanced Medical -- $60 million issue of convertible
subordinated debentures, due Jan. 15, 2002, was priced to
yield 7.25% through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
The debentures are convertible into common stock at $18.14 a
share, representing an 18% conversion premium over
yesterday's closing price.
   Korea Development Bank -- $500 million issue of senior
notes, due Feb. 1, 2002, was priced as 7.90% at 98.605 to
yield 8.106%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread
of 98 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Whole Foods Market Inc. -- 1,375,000 common shares have
been priced at $17 a share. Of those shares to be sold,
1,232,500 shares will be sold by the company and 142,500
shares will be sold by selling shareholders, the company
said. The offering was managed by Robertson, Stephens  Co.
and Rauscher Pierce Refsnes Inc.
   Associated Natural Gas -- 2.5 million common shares were
priced at $25 a share through underwriters led by Dillon,
Read  Co.
   Vimrx Pharmaceuticals -- 1,200 units were priced with each
unit consisting of 2,275 common shares and 2,275 Class A
common shares.
   Relife Inc. -- 1.7 million Class A common shares of Relife
Inc. were priced at $19.75 a share through underwriters led
by J.C. Bradford  Co. The size of the issue was increased
from 1.5 million shares.
   American Adjustable-Rate Term Trust 1998 -- 34 million
common shares was priced at $10 a share through underwriters
led by Piper Jaffray  Hopwood Inc. The size of the issue was
increased from six million shares.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

   Maricopa County, Arizona -- $68.5 million refunding bonds
have been won by a Prudential Securities Inc. group. The
issuer opted to reduce the size of the deal from the planned
$128.75 million of bonds, the underwriter said. Prudential
won the refuning bonds with a net interest cost of 4.9269%
and set the yields at 2.75% in 1992 to 5.70% in 2003. The
issue has been rated double-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by
SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $250 million
issue of medium-term notes, due Jan. 30, 1995, was priced
initially at par to yield 5.54%. The notes, which are
noncallable for one year, will be reoffered at various prices
through underwriters at Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $100 million
issue of medium-term notes, due Jan. 30, 1997, was priced
initially at par to yield 6.48%. The notes, which are
noncallable for one year, will be reoffered at various prices
through Goldman Sachs.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $353 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities,
is being offered by Bear, Stearns  Co. The issue, 1992-G15,
is backed by Stripped Mortgage-Backed Securities 121, which
are collateralized by Government National Mortgage
Association 9 1/2%. The issue settles March 28.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million
issue of Remic securities, is being offered by Morgan Stanley
 Co. The issue, 1992-G16, is backed by Government National
Mortgage Association 10%. The issue settles March 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million
issue of Remic securities, is being offered by Lehman
Securities. The issue, 1992-28, is backed by Fannie Mae 8%,
and the collateral has a weighted average coupon of 8.65%.
The issue settles Feb. 28.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $228 million
Remic securities were priced, and the issue is managed by
Bear Sterns. The issue will be backed by Fannie Mae 8%
mortgage-backed securities, and will settle March 30. Fannie
Mae said that the California treasurer's office will purchase
a $100 million class of the Remic. The purchase is part of an
initiative announced by the treasurer's office called
Cal-Vest, a series of investment programs to help stimulate
the state's economy. All of the mortgage securities used in
the Remic will be backed by mortgages originated in
California.
                                                                                                       

                       ASSET-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   GMAC -- $1.851 billion issue of GMAC asset-backed
certificates is being offered by Salomon Brothers Inc. The
issue, GMAC 1992-A Grantor Trust Class-A asset backed
certificates, is backed by retail installment sales contracts
on autos and light trucks sold by GMAC Auto Receivables Corp.
and serviced by General Motors Acceptance Corp. The
collateral has an average life of 1.17 years. The issue is
expected to be priced to yield about 110 basis points above
the bond equivalent yield of the one-year Treasury bill. The
issue is rated triple-A by Moody's and SP. GMAC is a unit of
General Motors Corp.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kingdom of Belgium (sovereign) -- An auction of 10.020
billion francs of 9 1/4% bonds due Aug. 29, 1997, at an
average yield of 8.66%; 10.870 billion francs of 9% bonds due
June 27, 2001, at an average yield of 8.639%; and 15.050
billion francs of 9% bonds due March 28, 2003, at an average
yield of 8.623%.
   General Electric Capital Corp. (U.S.) -- $200 million of 6
1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 28, 1996 at issue price 101.325 via
Kidder Peabody Securities Ltd. Offered to investors initially
at a fixed price of 99.90 to yield 0.39 point more than the
comparable Treasury. Fees 1 5/8.
   Credit Foncier de France (France) -- Three billion francs
of 8 5/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 20, 2002 at a fixed initial
offer price of 98.996, via Banque National de Paris. At fixed
initial price, the bonds yield 0.43 point more than the
French Treasury's 8 1/2% due Nov., 2002. Fees 0.325.
   Credit Commercial de France (France) -- 150 billion lire
of 11.70% Eurobonds due Feb. 14, 1997 at issue price 101 7/8
via Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino. Yield 11.70 at the
par issue price less full commissions. Fees 1 7/8.
   Halifax Building Society (U.K.) -- #100 million issue of
Permanent Interest Bearing Shares, or PIBS, via S.G. Warburg
Securities. The securities, which have no final maturity, pay
a 12% semiannual coupon. Priced at 100.28 to yield 11.966%,
or 2.75 points more than the yield on the U.K. Treasury's 9%
bonds due 2008. Count as Tier-1 capital under international
bank capital guidelines. Fees 1 1/4.
   Saskatchewan (Canada) -- 300 million marks of 8 1/4% bonds
due Feb. 19, 1999 and priced at 101.85, via CSFB Effektenbank
AG. Fees 2 1/4.
   Teollisuuden Voina Oy (Finland) -- 100 million marks of 8
3/8% bonds due Feb. 25, 1999 and priced at 102 1/4, via
Dresdner Bank AG. Fees 2 1/4.
   Europaeische Hypothekenbank S.A. (Luxembourg) -- 100
million marks of 8% bonds due Feb. 12, 1999 and priced at 101
1/4. Sole manager Frankfurter Hypothekenbank. Fees 1 1/4.