Abreast of the Market:
   Industrial Average Declines 21.69
   After Two Bids to Break 3300 Fail
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A second attempt in the afternoon also failed, triggering
waves of computer-guided sell programs that sent the average
plunging to close near its lows for the day.
   The Dow Jones industrials ended with a 21.69-point loss at
3268.56. The broader market, which never reached positive
territory, also ended lower. Standard  Poor's 500-Stock
Index fell 3.52 to 409.33 and the New York Stock Exchange
Composite Index slid 1.77 to 226.66.
   Volume was 206,770,000 shares, up from Tuesday's
200,860,000. There were 613 advancers and 1,065 decliners.
   An afternoon rally in the bond market helped to support
stocks before their closing dive. Bonds were narrowly higher
by the end of the day. But the catalyst for the bond rally --
weaker late February car sales -- raised doubts about the
stock market in some investors' minds.
   Reports by the nation's car manufacturers indicated that
the annual sales rate of domestic autos in late February was
about 5.9 million units, down from the already slow 6.2
million-unit pace in the previous 30 days.
   Joseph Feshbach, managing director of the Lehman JAF Fund,
said the direction of bond prices -- and interest rates -- is
more important than the implications of the
softer-than-expected car sales.
   If bonds can continue to rally from here, pushing yields
back down, stocks may have a chance of making more gains.
   Otherwise, the market will hang on the strength of
cyclical stocks alone, said Mr. Feshbach. That would mean the
accuracy of economic forecasts will determine whether the
market survives the spring without a painful fall.
   Mr. Feshbach says the more telling economic report -- for
both stocks and bonds -- will come tomorrow with the
disclosure of employment data for February.
   General Motors slipped 1/4 to 37 3/8, Ford lost 3/8 to 37,
and Chrysler fell 1/8 to 17 1/4.
   Goodyear Tire  Rubber fell 7/8 to 62 1/2 and
Allied-Signal lost 1 1/4 to 50 1/4. Allied-Signal agreed to
sell its Endevco unit for $53 million. The unit had 1991
sales of about $55 million.
   Telefonos de Mexico's American depositary receipts fell 2
1/8 to 56 1/4, topping the most active list on volume of more
than 4.1 million ADRs. The Mexican government said it is
considering the possibility of selling more Series L shares
of the telephone company to the public.
   The drop in Telefonos de Mexico helped depress shares of
closed-end funds that invest in Mexican stocks. Mexico Fund
lost 2 1/2 to 31 5/8 and Mexico Equity  Income Fund fell 2
5/8 to 18 3/8.
   Merck lost 2 5/8 to 151 1/4. PaineWebber analyst Ronald
Nordmann said investors were reacting to an article in the
Feb. 15 British Medical Journal, which suggested that, in
clinical tests, a group of patients taking the company's
anti-cholesterol drug Mevacor had a higher death rate than
those who took placebos. Merck said yesterday that tests of
its Mevacor and Zocor cholesterol-lowering agents continue to
affirm their efficacy and safety. The British Medical Journal
article is very unlikely to alter physicians' use of these
products, Mr. Nordman said.
   Other drug stocks were weak. Glaxo Holdings dropped 3/4 to
27 5/8. Johnson  Johnson fell 2 to 97 3/4.
   CMS Energy rallied 7/8 to 22 1/8 after the company said
Tuesday that it had settled certain regulatory matters with
the Michigan Public Service Commission and state courts.
Analysts applauded the news, saying it cleared a cloud of
uncertainty from the company's future. Morgan Stanley
repeated its "buy" rating on the stock, while Kidder Peabody
raised its rating to "buy" from "hold."
   Biocraft Laboratories jumped 2 1/8 to 26 1/8. The company
won Food and Drug Administration approval for two generic
drugs.
   Tektronix lost 2 3/8 to 16 7/8. The company expects to
post a loss for the third quarter ending in March because of
$16 million in restructuring charges.
   Retailers included Sears, which added 1 1/8 to 45 1/2;
Woolworth, which rose 7/8 to 29 7/8; and May Department
Stores, which added 1 3/4 to 62 7/8.
   Digital Equipment fell 1 1/2 to 60. Brown Brothers
Harriman cut its estimates for the company's fiscal third and
fourth quarters. Brown Brothers' analyst William Milton,
citing continued weakness in computer sales, notably in
Europe, lowered his forecast for the quarter ending in March
to a loss of 99 cents a share from the loss of 40 cents a
share he projected earlier. Mr. Milton cut his estimate for
the company's fourth quarter to a loss of 48 cents a share
from his earlier forecast that Digital would earn a profit of
65 cents a share.
   Hewlett-Packard, meanwhile, rose 1 1/4 to 77 1/8 after it
unveiled a version of its palmtop personal computer with
added memory.
   International Business Machines fell 7/8 to 87 3/8. The
stock turned lower from earlier gains after Moody's
downgraded its rating on the company's long-term debt to
double-A-2 from triple-A-2.
   Del Webb, the developer of Sunbelt retirement communities,
gained 1 3/4 to 21 3/4. Oppenheimer repeated its "buy" rating
on the stock.
   Esterline Technologies lost 3 1/2 to 12 1/8. The company
reported first-quarter profit of three cents a share, down
from 12 cents a year ago.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 2.10
to 413.39. Volume was 16,060,000 shares, down slightly from
16,307,000. There were 260 issues advancing and 332
declining.
   Thermo Cardiosystems surged 1 5/8 to 19 3/4. The company
filed for an offering of 1.5 million common shares. The
offering would reduce Thermedics stake in Thermo
Cardiosystems to about 50%.