Who's News:
   At Next Computer,
   Van Cuylenburg
   Gets High Posts
   ----
   By Bill Richards
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
At Next, Mr. van Cuylenburg, 43 years old, will join
Steven Jobs in the newly created "office of the president."
He also will report to Mr. Jobs, the company's chairman and
chief executive officer. They will share day-to-day
management responsibilities, the computer company said. Mr.
van Cuylenburg also joins Next's board.
   Next was launched by Mr. Jobs in October 1988, after he
was pushed out of Apple Computer Inc., which he co-founded,
by John Scully, who Mr. Jobs brought in as president.
Industry experts said it's unlikely a similar situation could
occur with Next, because Mr. Jobs owns and controls the
company.
   Since Next's founding, the closely held company has
struggled for a toehold in the fiercely competitive
workstation computer field, though it says 1991 sales
quadrupled to $127 million. "We have the opportunity to
become the next billion-dollar computer company," Mr. Jobs
said yesterday. "I need a partner such as Peter to help me
manage Next's growth."
   In January, Next appointed Marcel Gani, a former Intel
Corp. executive, as chief financial officer. Last month, the
company moved Mike Slade, who came from Microsoft Corp.'s
marketing side, into the job of vice president, marketing.
   At Cable  Wireless, Mr. van Cuylenburg had been regarded
as a good, if somewhat cautious, manager during his twoyear
tenure. Last month, after he was passed over for the chief
executive slot, losing out to British Petroleum Co.'s James
Ross, there was speculation he might move on.
   Mr. Jobs praised Mr. van Cuylenburg's operating experience
at Cable  Wireless and said his work at Texas Instruments
involved the kind of software and applications that has been
Next's focus.