Technology  Medicine:
   Roche to Enhance
   Availability, Price
   Of Its AIDS Drug
   ----
   By Robin Goldwyn Blumenthal
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Hoffmann-La Roche said it would make Hivid available in
the next two weeks through a so-called "open-label" program,
in which the physician and patient will know they have the
drug and not a placebo, which is commonly used as a control
in experiments for a drug's effectiveness. A spokesman for
the company, a unit of Roche Holding Ltd., of Basel,
Switzerland, said the FDA was currently writing a protocol
for the open-label program.
   The spokesman said the guidelines for availability of the
experimental drug would be fairly wide, and that it would be
provided free. He said there are currently about 8,000 people
in Hoffmann-La Roche's experimental treatment programs, and
that it wasn't possible to determine how many more people
would take advantage of the new programs. The spokesman said
reports indicate between 5,000 and 10,000 people are using
the underground versions of the drug, also know by its
generic name zalcitabine, or DDC.
   Hoffmann-La Roche has applied to the FDA for approval of
the drug.
   The company said one criterion for participation in the
first new program would depend on a certain blood cell count
in patients that is lower the level required for proper
immune system function. It also is designing a second program
with input from the AIDS community and the government to
provide Hivid for combination therapy in healthier
HIV-infected individuals. The company said it will work with
several community research groups to initiate a trial that
could potentially involve thousands of patients.
   Hoffmann-La Roche said physicians should call
1-800-332-2144 for information on enrollment.