Shell Oil Co.
   Posts Deficit
   Of $23 Million
   ---
   Charges Blamed for Stifling
   Fourth-Quarter Results;
   More Cost Cuts Slated
   ----
   By Carolyn Phillips
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the quarter, Shell's $23 million loss included a $97
million charge for replacing and upgrading certain
service-station storage tanks and a $20 million charge for
litigation settlements. The loss compares with net income for
the year-earlier quarter of $446 million, including $55
million in special items. Shell, because it is an operating
unit of Royal Dutch, doesn't have common shares outstanding.
   Revenue for the quarter fell 24%, to $5.86 billion from
$7.66 billion.
   Like the rest of the oil industry, Shell saw crude oil
prices for the fourth quarter average $10 a barrel lower than
prices in the year-ago period, when the possibility of a
Persian Gulf War and crude-oil supply disruptions pushed
prices skyward. Unlike other major oil companies, however,
Shell has no international operations to counter the effects
of the weak U.S. economy on its numbers.
   For instance, Shell's oil products businesses had a loss
of $127 million for the quarter, with the $97 million charge,
compared with earnings of $23 million, because of lower
profit margins and lower demand for refined products,
including gasoline and jet fuel. Similarly, chemical products
earnings fell 91%, to $7 million from $80 million, primarily
because of lower margins and volume.
   Although Shell's earnings from oil and gas exploration and
production also fell for the quarter, to $141 million from
$361 million, the company said it did manage in 1991 to stop
the slide in crude oil production it has experienced since
1986. For the year, Shell said it averaged about 400,000
barrels a day in crude oil production, even with 1990.
   Frank Richardson, Shell's president, said the company's
"steps to streamline operations are proceeding ahead of
schedule. However, in light of current business conditions,
we are intensifying activities aimed at improving financial
performance, including aggressively pursuing further cost
reductions throughout the company."
   That plan will be augmented by continued efforts to sell
certain oil and gas properties, Mr. Richardson said, despite
the present unfavorable market for such dispositions. Also,
the president added that Shell will lop another $300 million,
about 10%, out of its 1992 capital and exploration spending
budget.
   For the full year, Shell reported net income of $20
million, down 98% from the $1.04 billion for 1990. The latest
year's earnings include the fourth-quarter charges as well as
a $92 million charge for reducing the work force, a $60
million charge for restructuring certain refinery operations
and a $30 million charge for settling litigation. Revenue for
the year dropped 7% to $24.7 billion from $26.49 billion.