Winter Olympics 1992:
   Results
   ----
   By Timothy J. Carroll
Patrick Ortlieb of Austria left the rest of the field to
battle for second place in the men's downhill.
   Mr. Ortlieb, the first starter, won by making the fewest
mistakes on the steep, twisting course.
   The 24-year-old Austrian's time of 1:50.37 was 0.05 second
better than Frank Piccard of France, the 23rd starter, who
won the silver. Guenther Mader, another Austrian, took the
bronze medal in 1:50.47. A.J. Kitt was ninth, the top
American.
                                                                                                       

   SPEED SKATING
                                                                                                       

   Gunda Kleeman Niemann of Germany won the 3,000-meter
women's gold medal. But the 25-year-old's pace of 4:19.90 was
more than nine seconds off her world record.
   Fellow German Heike Warnicke took the silver medal in
4:22.88, while the bronze went to Emese Hunyady of Austria in
4:24.64. The two raced in the same pairing.
   The outdoor track, which had worried skaters and coaches
prior to the race, was half in sun and half in shadow through
the first seven pairs. It was resurfaced after the fourth
race. Ms. Niemann skated in the second pair after that.
   Yvonne van Gennip of the Netherlands, the defending
Olympic champion in the 3,000, skated just before Ms. Niemann
and posted a dismal 4:28.08 -- almost 17 seconds off her
Calgary mark of 4:11.94, which was skated on an indoor track.

   SKI JUMPING
                                                                                                       

   Ernst Vettori, at 27 considered an aging veteran,
outjumped two teen-agers to win the 90-meter ski jumping.
   The Austrian had never won a major title. His 222.8 points
in the two jumps beat his 17-year-old compatriot Martin
Hoellwarth, who took the silver with 218.1.
   Toni Nieminen, a 16-year-old sensation from Finland, won
the bronze with 217 points. Mr. Nieminen missed a chance to
become the youngest male champion in the history of the
Winter Olympics. American Billy Fiske, a bobsled gold
medalist in 1928, holds the record of 16 years and 260 days
-- six days older than Nieminen was yesterday.
   James Holland of the U.S. was 13th.
                                                                                                       

   CROSS-COUNTRY SKIING
                                                                                                       

   Lyubov Egorova of the United Team won the women's
15-kilometer classic-style cross-country skiing gold medal.
Ms. Egorova, 26, led from start to finish to win in a time of
42 minutes and 20.8 seconds. Ms. Egorova, from St.
Petersburg, is the reigning women's 30-kilometer freestyle
champion.
   Marjut Lukkarinen of Finland was second one minute, 9.1
seconds.
   Elena Valbe of the United Team, which includes most of the
former Soviet Union, was third.
   Raisa Smetanina, 39, was fourth, missed the bronze by 19.2
seconds. A medal would have made Ms. Smetenina the career
leader in Winter Olympic medals; she has nine.
   Nancy Fiddler was 27th, the top U.S. finisher.
                                                                                                       

   LUGE
                                                                                                       

   Georg Hackl of Germany took the lead in the men's singles
luge competition after two runs. The final two runs are
today.
   Markus Schmidt of Austria was second, a little more than
one-tenth of a second back, followed by teammate and 1991-92
World Cup champion Markus Prock.
                                                                                                       

   HOCKEY
                                                                                                       

   The U.S. came storming back in the third period to defeat
the Italian team, 6-3. The U.S. was down 3-2 after the second
period, but thoroughly outplayed a fatigued Italian team in
the final period.
   Earlier, Sweden, considered by many as the favorite for
the gold medal, beat Poland 7-2. Finland defeated Germany
5-1.