International:
   BASF, Hoechst Post
   Profit Drops for 1991
   And Cut Dividends
Bayer AG, another large German chemical company, is
expected to announce a smaller drop in profit than BASF's and
Hoechst's, and may leave its dividend unchanged when its
supervisory board meets today.
   BASF, one of Europe's largest chemical concerns, said
group pretax profit dropped 23% to 2.11 billion marks from
2.75 billion marks a year earlier. Sales were essentially
unchanged at 46.64 billion marks. After-tax profit declined
6.1% to 1.04 billion marks from 1.11 billion marks.
   At Hoechst, group pretax profit dropped 20% to 2.56
billion marks from 3.22 billion marks, while sales rose 5.2%
to 47.19 billion marks from 44.86 billion marks. Net income
dropped to 1.36 billion marks from 1.70 billion marks.
   Both companies blamed the sharp earnings declines on the
global recession, particularly in the U.S., and on weak
prices for basic chemicals and an oversupply.
   For BASF, the dividend cut will provide a savings of 57
million marks, and for Hoechst, 58.1 million marks.
   The dividend cut also meshes politically with planned job
cuts and wage negotiations. Both BASF and Hoechst expect to
continue layoffs and streamlining efforts. BASF announced in
late 1991 that it plans to trim 5,000 jobs this year.
   Against this backdrop, the companies might encounter
strong objections among their work forces if they continued
to reward shareholders with an unchanged dividend, said Hans
Peter Wodniok, analyst at James Capel Deutschland. In
particular, an unchanged dividend might have weakened their
position in coming negotiations with the chemical workers
union IG Chemie, he noted.