Anheuser-Busch Sets
   Payment to Resolve
   Dispute With Texas
Anheuser-Busch was allowed to discharge storm-water runoff
and other uncontaminated waste water associated with the
brewing process at its Houston brewery under a 1988
commission permit. However, the water commission said,
automatic sampling equipment meant to keep track of water
quality wasn't installed correctly and the samples didn't
accurately reflect waste-water quality. The commission said
that contaminated waste water from the brewing process was
allowed to enter the storm-water system.
   Bill Sugar, Anheuser senior director of environmental
affairs, said his company feels good about the settlement.
"We sincerely regret that this has happened and we've taken
some significant actions to make sure that this kind of
problem doesn't happen again," Mr. Sugar said.
   When the problem was identified, the commission said,
Anheuser-Busch initiated a comprehensive engineering study of
its stormwater system and corrected the monitoring equipment.
The company also identified and controlled the other sources
of contamination.
   In addition to a $700,000 fine, the commission said the
company has agreed to contribute $136,870 to an
interest-bearing account in Corpus Christi and the same
amount in New Braunfels for implementing household hazardous
waste collection programs in those cities. The state
commission has been trying to establish collection centers
for household hazardous waste, which usually is taken to the
local landfill.