Heard on the Street:
   Long-Term Options Turn
   1992 Into a LEAPS Year
   ----
   By Stanley W. Angrist
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
LEAPS, or long-term equity anticipation securities as
they're formally known, seem to be gradually catching on with
investors after a slow start in the fall of 1990. Just like
garden-variety stock options, LEAPS confer the right to buy
(with a call option) or sell (with a put) 100 shares of a
stock, at a preset "strike" price, on any day until they
expire.
   But LEAPS expire in two years -- as far hence as January
1994. Thus they allow investors to make longer-term bets than
options' usual maximum of nine months. There are also some
LEAPS index options that allow investors to bet on where the
whole stock market is going.
   The current stock market climate is made for long-term
options, says Michael Schwartz, a senior vice president at
Oppenheimer  Co. "People who are holding nice profits in
their portfolios might want to sell the stocks and replace
them with LEAPS," Mr. Schwartz says.
   This strategy would allow the investors to participate in
any further gains in the stock -- minus the cost of the LEAP.
But if the stock were to tumble instead, the investor's loss
would be limited to what he paid for the LEAP, generally 10%
to 20% of the former stock portfolio's value.
   Created in 1990 by the exchanges that were already trading
equity options, LEAP options now exist on 84 individual
stocks. There are also LEAPS on three stock market indexes --
the Standard  Poor's 100, the SP 500, and the Major Market
index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
   Index LEAPS can be used to capture major market moves. The
caveat here is the word "major." Big swings in the market are
fruitful; with index options, a buyer gets paid off in cash
if he has bet correctly on the market's course. But if the
market only zigzags mildly, the investor loses his money.
   An investor wanting to make an almost two-year bet on the
market's performance could use the SP 100 index LEAP options
expiring in December 1993. The accompanying table shows that
if this big-stock index were to advance or decline
substantially -- at least 20% -- between now and when the
options expire, attractive returns would be earned.
   Wouldn't a 15% market move suffice? Sorry, returns
wouldn't be that attractive. The figures shown in the table's
second and third columns would be reduced not just by the
cost of the index options -- in this case $1,000 -- but also
by the commissions paid to enter and exit from the trade.
Typically, commission costs average between 2% and 4% of the
value of the options, for each trade. (The $1,000 investment
is hypothetical; the call and put options here actually cost
about $400 apiece.)
   Harrison Roth, senior options strategist at Cowen  Co.,
says long-term options are an ideal way for "nervous nellies"
to play stocks while substantially reducing their capital's
exposure to market risk. Holders needn't wait until LEAPS
expire to reap their profits if they are correct; the
securities can be sold any business day placing an order with
a stockbroker.
   Instead of paying $9,525 to buy 100 shares of
International Business Machines, Mr. Roth says, you could pay
about $600 for a January 1993 call option on 100 shares, with
a strike price of 105. If IBM, between now and the option's
expiration, reaches the price it hit in early 1991 of about
140, option investors would reap 5.8 times the cost of the
option. He cautions, however, that the stock price at
expiration would have to reach 111 for the investor just to
break even, a 17% gain from today's stock price; at any stock
price below 105 the option would expire worthless.
   Mr. Schwartz points out that investors with a smaller
taste for risk could purchase a January 1993 IBM call with a
strike price of 85, paying about $1,500. This option would
double in value if the stock reached 115 at expiration.
   For investors who fear the stock market will slump,
long-term put options can provide a bit of psychological
armor. "Puts may give some investors the confidence to remain
in the market," says Mr. Schwartz. He points out that
sometimes the dividends earned on a stock are large enough to
cover part or all of the cost of the put protection.
   Suppose you were prescient enough to buy 100 shares of
Pfizer for $4,000 last year, and now find yourself nervously
sitting on a $3,625 profit with the stock at 76 1/4. You
could quit worrying until December 1993 by purchasing a LEAPS
put option with a strike price of 85 at a cost of $1,487. No
matter how low Pfizer might drop, you will retain a profit of
at least $3,013 after paying for the put. Of course, you
could sell your stock now, reaping the profit, but you would
thus miss out on further price appreciation in the stock,
while choosing the LEAPS instead would let you participate.
   Fanie Gouws, a derivative product specialist at Brown
Brothers Harriman, suggests another way to use long-term
options to reduce market risk. He'd team them up with
Treasury notes to preserve much of the upside potential of a
stock, while giving a large degree of protection against
loss. He cites as an example Anheuser-Busch. Mr. Gouws says
that instead of buying 100 shares of the stock for $5,687, an
investor could buy a January 1994 call with a strike price of
$60 for $725 and put the balance of what the stock would have
cost, $4,962, into Treasury notes.
   If the stock moves up to 100 in January 1994, a stock-only
investor would make 80% on his investment. The investor who
bought the LEAPS-and-T-note combination would make 66% at
that stock price. If the stock fell to 40, the shareholding
investor would lose 26%, while the combination investor would
lose at most 4%, no matter how low the stock price might
sink. All the above calculations include dividends and
interest, but ignore commission costs.
   ---
                     Looking at LEAPS
                                                                                                       

   What $1,000 would be worth in December 1993 if invested in
long-term SP 100 index options. (Doesn't reflect commission
costs)
                                                                                                       

   If the                  Value of          Value of
   SP 100                 Dec. '93          Dec. '93
   changes by...           call              put
                                                                                                       

     - 25%                 $    0             $2,690
     - 20                       0              2,120
     - 15                       0              1,710
     - 10                       0              1,220
     -  5                       0                740
        0                       0                250
     +  5                     260                  0
     + 10                     780                  0
     + 15                   1,300                  0
     + 20                   1,820                  0
     + 25                   2,340                  0