Business Briefs
Roy F. Weston Inc., an environmental consulting firm, said
it received a three-year, $6 million contract from the
University of California, Los Alamos, National Laboratory to
provide support services to the Department of Energy's
environmental restoration program.
   ---
   Marriott Corp. said it signed a letter of intent to sell
its Dallas Marriott Mandalay hotel to Harbour Centre
Development Ltd. of Hong Kong by June 30. Terms weren't
disclosed.
   ---
   Eastman Kodak Co. said its new Ektaprint 95
black-and-white office copier will be ready for delivery by
April. The mid-volume copier, which lists for $26,300, can
deliver the first copy in just three seconds and remaining
copies at the rate of 60 sheets per minute.
   ---
   Mesaba Aviation Inc. said its February traffic rose to
15.2 million revenue passenger miles from 13.2 million miles
a year earlier. Load factor, or the percentage of available
seats filled, fell to 45.3% from 46.7%.
   ---
   Chiron Corp. said its Amsterdam-based unit, EuroCetus
B.V., received approval from Denmark to market its drug to
protect the heart against the damaging affects of cancer
chemotherapy.
   ---
   IRT Corp. said it will shift its corporate focus to
concentrate on the sale of automated X-ray inspection
products.
   ---
   Organogenesis Inc. said that expanded human clinical
trials of its Graftskin human skin equivalent for burn wounds
will begin at Massachusetts General Hospital.