UJB Financial Files
   Suit Against Group
   Seeking Sale, Merger
The lawsuit, filed in federal court in New York, alleges
that investors Neil J. Weisman and Robert I. Cohen misled the
public and the government about their intentions when they
acquired nearly 10% of UJB. According to the lawsuit, Messrs.
Weisman and Cohen, principals in New York-based Chilmark
Capital Corp., filed papers with the SEC that they bought UJB
shares for "investment purposes," when they really intended
to force its sale or merger. It said no other holder in UJB
has a stake of more than 5%.
   The lawsuit also accuses Messrs. Weisman and Cohen of
engaging in an "undisclosed campaign to induce UJB management
to . . . take UJB private" and of planting "false rumors in
the press suggesting that a select group of bank holding
companies were circling UJB and preparing a takeover bid."
All this was done, the suit alleges, to drive up the price of
UJB stock.
   The suit seeks an order prohibiting Mr. Weisman and Mr.
Cohen from continuing in their alleged illegal efforts to
force a sale or takeover of UJB. It asks that the court force
them to sell shares they bought while allegedly misleading
the public and government about their intentions.
   John W. Griffin, the lawyer representing Messrs. Weisman
and Cohen, said they had not yet reviewed the lawsuit and had
no comment.
   Meanwhile, a spokesman for Mr. Weisman said the investor
group was told yesterday by UJB that they could acquire a
shareholder list. Messrs. Weisman and Cohen plan to put of an
opposition slate at the April 20 shareholders meeting.