AIM Telephones Fails
   To Restructure Debt,
   May Reduce Its Size
In addition, AIM said it is no longer in compliance with
American Stock Exchange listing requirements and that it
couldn't give any assurance that the listing would be
continued. A spokeswoman at the exchange said the company "is
under review," and declined to comment further. The American
Exchange on Tuesday resumed trading in AIM's stock, which was
halted for a week. The company's stock, which traded as high
as $1.50 in February, closed at 25 cents Tuesday.
   AIM said it is continuing to operate and is working with
its banks to find "steps that can be taken to maximize the
value of the company." Henry Korn, AIM's chief financial
officer, said AIM is "considering all alternatives {to remain
viable} including downsizing, Chapter 11, and selling what's
left of the company." AIM recently sold its western
Pennsylvania operations to JWP Telecom, a unit of JWP Inc.,
Purchase, N.Y., but he said AIM hasn't begun talking to
potential suitors yet.
   AIM has been struggling since early 1991 to bolster its
finances. In the year ended Feb. 28, AIM had a loss of $22
million or $4.12 a share, on revenue of $33 million. In the
six months ended Aug. 31, the loss was $2.47 million on
revenue of $12.8 million.
   In November, AIM announced a financial restructuring plan
that president Maurice Rodrigue said would give the company
"a substantially stronger balance sheet." But Tuesday a
spokeswoman said those agreements "fell apart," precipitating
Tuesday's move by the banks to accelerate their loans.