Business Brief:
   Kodak Experiencing `Difficult' Quarter,
   Indicates '92 Profit to Trail Expectations
Separately, the company indicated to analysts that 1992
earnings would be about $3.50 a share, compared with a 1991
loss of $400 million, or $1.23 a share, after patent
litigation and restructuring charges. Sales for 1991 were
$19.4 billion.
   The forecast surprised analysts, who had expected that
benefits from last year's $1.6 billion restructuring would
help catapult 1992 earnings to at least $4 a share. "I
thought they'd show some uptick. Instead we had another clunk
down," said PaineWebber analyst Kimberly Retrievi.
   "That's a pretty horrendous performance," said Prudential
Securities analyst B. Alex Henderson, who dropped his buy
recommendation following yesterday's news. He had estimated
1992 earnings would be $4.65 a share. "Where's the beef?"
quipped Wertheim Schroeder analyst Michael Ellmann.
   Kodak stock was quoted at $40.75, down $1.875, in late New
York Stock Exchange trading.
   Kodak, based in Rochester, N.Y., has told analysts to
expect restructuring benefits of about $200 million, or 60
cents a share in 1992. But with the release of yesterday's
numbers, analysts say, it's apparent that those benefits are
being eaten up by increased spending on research and
development, sales and advertising.
   In addition, the company is suffering from weak sales. For
January and February, imaging sales slipped 2% to 4%, while
film volume dropped 10%, Kodak told analysts. Dean Witter
analyst Eugene Glazer suggested the drop was due to inroads
being made by lower-priced private label films sold by mass
merchandisers.
   Information systems sales fell 5% to 10% for the first two
months, as many analysts expected. The unit makes copiers,
microfilm and graphic arts supplies.
   Meanwhile, the health sector showed gains of 8% to 10%.
And chemical sales decreased slightly, mostly because of an
accounting change, Mr. Henderson said.