Business Brief:
   Philip Morris Expects Strong 1992 Profit
   But Says Economy Will Slow U.S. Units
Hans G. Storr, chief financial officer, said cash flow
after capital expenditures and dividends should exceed $21
billion between 1992 and 1996. The company previously
forecast free cash flow of $18 billion between 1991 and 1995.
Over the past five years, free cash flow was $9.7 billion.
   Philip Morris also said it plans about $9 billion in
capital expenditures between 1992 and 1996. Approximately 54%
will go to its world-wide food businesses, 40% to tobacco
operations and the remaining 6% to beer. Last year, Philip
Morris's capital expenditures totaled $1.6 billion.
   Michael A. Miles, chairman and chief executive officer,
detailed for analysts the company's efforts to restructure
its Kraft General Foods unit. North American food sales have
been lackluster, as price competition has intensified and
recession-weary consumers traded down to lower-priced
products. The company's retail cheese operation was
particularly hard hit, with 1991 profit falling $125 million
below expectations.
   To address those pressures, Mr. Miles said Philip Morris
plans to cut costs throughout the nation's largest food
company with further staff reductions and plant closings. In
December, the company said it will close a Louis Rich turkey
processing plant in Tulare, Calif., eliminating at least
1,440 jobs. The company is also mothballing an uncompleted
turkey plant in Sedalia, Mo. Together, the cost-cutting
initiatives are expected to result in savings of $300 million
in 1992.
   On the tobacco side, the company widened its lead to a 48%
share of the premium-priced segment. For the first time, the
company said, it took the No. 1 position in the discount
cigarette market, with about a 30% share.