Business Brief:
   Pittston, Trying to Focus on Mining,
   Renews Efforts to Shed Burlington Air
"Today, it appears that shareholder values would be better
served by concentrating on the possibility of a sale," said
William Byrne, a company spokesman. He said Pittston isn't in
talks with potential buyers at the moment.
   Mr. Byrne also acknowledged that, if a buyer isn't found,
"one option" for Pittston would be to sell the subsidiary to
the public through a stock offering.
   Pittston acquired Burlington Air Express in 1982 for $177
million from Burlington Northern Inc., the railroad.
Operating with 22 airplanes out of a $75 million hub in
Toledo, Ohio, the carrier is a dominant player in the
delivery of heavy freight, generally cargo of 150 pounds or
more.
   While Burlington Air Express was originally viewed as a
way to diversify away from the coal business, profit margins
at the subsidiary have been thin at best. In 1991, the
carrier had revenue of $875.9 million, but an operating
profit of only $19.8 million. That figure, however, was
double the operating profit of a year earlier.
   Indeed, Burlington Air Express's improved performance, as
well as a slowly improving economy, appear to have sparked
renewed efforts to sell the subsidiary. "There's been a lot
of turmoil in the airline industry," said Jeffrey Medford, an
analyst at Wheat First Butcher  Singer. But now, "business
looks a little better, and (Burlington) has been able to
reduce costs with the Toledo facility."
   Pittston itself, after a series of one-time charges,
reported a net loss for 1991 of $151.9 million, or $4.07 a
share, on revenue of $1.93 billion. That compared with
earnings of $61.1 million, or $1.64 a share, on revenue of
$1.85 billion a year earlier.