Letters to the Editor:
   Using Common Sense
   Just Creates More Smog
Of course, anyone with common sense will recognize
immediately that the difference between 1,600 deaths and zero
deaths is but a minor statistical discrepancy, and the
difference between $10 billion and zero dollars is mere
chicken feed. And a high regard for the epidemiological
expertise of economists is apparently an article of faith
held in common by both The Wall Street Journal and Science.
It's just common sense.
   Henry F. Williams
   Cincinnati
   ---
   Prof. Sirkin is right on target when he states that smog
is a trivial problem in most of the U.S. The "exceedances"
over the standard are important only for Los Angeles. The
high values quoted for many cities in 1988 were the result of
the warm, dry summer of that year.
   There are many things wrong with the National Ambient Air
Quality Standard for ozone, with the way it is set and with
the way it is measured. Small changes in this essentially
arbitrary standard can have a large influence on how many
cities are below or above it.
   It is worth noting, however, that ozone smog is a very
efficient absorber of solar ultraviolet radiation, partly
also because of the presence of haze and particulates that
scatter the radiation and thus lengthen the absorption path.
Ironically, removing the smog from Los Angeles would raise
the skin-cancer rate there to the same level as, for example,
El Paso or other cities at a similar geographical latitude.
This increase would amount to nearly 100%.
   S. Fred Singer
   Science and Environmental Policy Project
   Washington