Hanson's Profit
   On Pretax Basis
   Fell in Quarter
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Per-share earnings on a fully diluted basis were unchanged
at 3.9 pence.
   The results were better than market expectations that
ranged between #200 million and #220 million, and they were
within the company's own forecasts.
   But company Chairman Lord Hanson, who said there had been
"little sign of a recovery" in the major markets in which the
company operates. "The quarter saw a continuation of
recessionary conditions in both in the U.K. and U.S. which
have affected both economies longer than anticipated," he
said.
   However, he added that, "With our strong balance sheet,
excellent cash flow and first-class portfolio of well-managed
businesses, we shall benefit from forthcoming opportunities."
He didn't elaborate.
   He did say, though, that the company's latest acquisition,
Beazer PLC, which the group bought in a friendly takeover
last August for #351.4 million "is being integrated rapidly."
   As a result of strong growing international interest for
Hanson shares and American Depositary Receipts, the company
said it would now pay dividends on a quarterly basis starting
in July 1992.
   The company took an extraordinary gain of #49 million
during the year-earlier quarter as a result of the sale of
its Tucker plastic housewares unit.
   Profit attributable to shareholders reached #186 million
compared with the year earlier #236 million.