Quarterly Review of Mutual Funds:
   Money Funds' Yields Could Fall Further, Some Say
   ----
   By Georgette Jasen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
And, at a time when investors have already started pulling
billions of dollars out of money funds to seek higher returns
in the stock market and other investments, the answer isn't
likely to make anybody happy.
   "Investors could see yields . . . approximating 3.25%
before too long," says Edward A. Wiese, manager of T. Rowe
Price Associates' $4.2 billion Prime Reserve money fund.
   Yields on money-market mutual funds are now at the lowest
point ever experienced by most individual investors. The
average seven-day compound yield, which assumes reinvestment
of dividends, stood at 4.61% at the end of 1991, according to
IBC/Donoghue's Money Fund Report.
   Yields were lower in the early 1970s, but detailed
comparisons aren't possible because industry records don't go
back that far; there were only a few funds at the time, used
mostly by institutional investors. In October 1975, when
Donoghue's started tracking money-fund yields and assets, it
listed just 28 funds with $3.6 billion in assets. Yields were
about 6%; they dropped below 5% in August 1977.
   Today, money funds are a central part of the financial
lives of millions of American families. Money Fund Report now
lists 521 taxable funds, with total assets of more than $450
billion.
   The average yield for the fourth quarter of 1991 was
4.75%, as estimated by Donoghue's. That's about half a
percentage point lower than the third quarter and about 2 1/2
percentage points below the average for the fourth quarter of
1990. "It's not a very satisfying picture for money fund
investors," says Walter Frank, chief economist for the
Ashland, Mass., newsletter.
   Although total assets are a bit higher than at the end of
the third quarter, assets of funds open to individual
investors have fallen by about $10 billion, to $324.6
billion, a 3% decline. (Institutional investors account for
the difference.)
   The outflow is likely to continue as yields decline
further, but industry officials say they don't expect a
wholesale run. "It's like taking money out of a savings bank
to put it into the stock and bond markets," says John C.
Bogle, chairman of Vanguard Group. "A lot of people just
aren't going to do that, no matter what."
   Money funds usually are considered among the safest
investments because they are structured so that the yield
varies but the principal value remains the same.
   Still, even mutual fund executives are recommending that
investors take some cash out of money funds. "The issue isn't
should I do this or that," Mr. Bogle says. "The real issue is
should I do this and that."
   The fund companies themselves are promoting a variety of
higher-yielding alternatives that they hope will keep
investors from shifting funds elsewhere.
   Among the most popular with investors have been funds that
invest in short-term government securities, which offer
higher yields than money funds, but with only a small
increase in risk. Fidelity Investments' Spartan Limited
Maturity Government Fund, for instance, has grown to $2.1
billion from $162 million at the start of last year. It
invests in Treasury and government agency securities maturing
in 10 years or less.
   Some of the cash coming out of money funds clearly has
gone into the stock market, which reached record highs in the
last days of 1991. The Investment Company Institute, the
mutual funds trade group, reported that almost $3.5 billion
poured into stock funds in November alone, and fund companies
say the pace of sales picked up sharply in December.
   Money-market funds generally are limited to securities
that mature in one year or less. For most of the fourth
quarter, average maturity of the funds tracked by Donoghue's
remained at more than 60 days, which is fairly long by money
fund standards. The longer maturities reflect an attempt to
take advantage of a fairly steep yield curve, with even
slightly longer-term securities yielding more than many very
short-term investments. The maximum average maturity for
money funds permitted by Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations is 90 days.
   Money fund managers expect yields in the 3.25% to 3.50%
range within about two months, reflecting the 59-day average
maturity of taxable funds. They base their calculations on
the current three-month Treasury bill yield of about 4%, less
the money funds' expenses charged to investors. Those
expenses, expressed as a percentage of assets, currently
average 0.62%, according to Donoghue's.
   The highest-yielding fund for both the fourth quarter and
the 12 months was the $171 million Riverside Capital Money
Market Fund, which is distributed by Winsbury Co. in
Columbus, Ohio. Its 7.19% yield for the fourth quarter was
about 1.5 percentage points higher than the quarter's No. 2
fund, Alger Money Market Portfolio.
   The Riverside Capital fund's yield included a capital gain
from the sale of securities at a premium, although it would
have been among the highest-yielding funds even without the
gain, Donoghue's said. Because of the way money funds are
structured, capital gains and losses are reflected in the
yield rather than in the net asset value of the shares. Four
of the top 10 funds for the quarter and five of the top funds
for the 12 months realized capital gains.
   Six of the top 10 funds for the quarter, and all the
year's top 10, waived all or a portion of their management
charges, which has the effect of boosting yield. But fund
officials say that it's unlikely that funds that have been
gradually introducing fees over the past year or so will
reverse course. "There just isn't enough leverage in
money-fund expenses" to make a difference in people's
investment decisions, says Neal Litvack, marketing vice
president for Fidelity.
   Instead, industry officials say, fund companies will be
emphasizing alternatives to money funds to keep assets within
a fund family. Indeed, some fund groups have created such
alternatives in recent months. Benham Capital Management
Group, for instance, began an adjustable-rate mortgage fund
in September that already has $443 million in assets. T. Rowe
Price Associates' adjustable-rate government fund, which
started in October, has $104 million in assets.
   These funds invest in securities issued by government
agencies that are backed by adjustable-rate mortgages. Their
yields are typically higher than money funds, but because the
interest rates on the mortgages vary, there is less
fluctuation in the price of the underlying securities.
   Most money-fund investors should probably avoid long-term
bond funds, fund officials say. Those funds offer
significantly higher yields -- but with significantly more
risk of price fluctuations.
   "Greed sometimes overrides the mind," says James M.
Benham, chairman of Benham Capital Management. "Some people
are going to get their hands burned."
   ---
                Monitoring Money-Market Funds
                                                                                                       

   A look at consumer-oriented money funds and some of their
holdings at the end of the fourth quarter. Performance
figures are estimated annualized yields, which include
earnings from the funds' investments and the effects of
compounding. Funds open only to institutions, special purpose
funds and tax-exempt funds are excluded from these tables.
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                                         PORTFOLIO     AVG.
               ASSETS     PERFORMANCE    COMM.  U.S.   MAT.
 FUND NAME  ($millions) 4TH QTR. 12 MOS. PAPER TREAS. (days)
                                                                                                       

   LARGEST FUNDS
                                                                                                       


              27,522.0   5.45%    6.05%   55%    18%    88
                                                                                                       

 American Express Daily Div
              16,664.5   5.04     5.94    45     57      2
                                                                                                       

 Vanguard MMR Prime
              13,079.9   5.15     6.14    49      9     57
                                                                                                       

 Fidelity Cash Reserves
              10,199.9   5.09     6.00    41     19     58
                                                                                                       

 Dean Witter/Sears Liq Asset
              10,112.4   4.82     5.74    49     31     61
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch Ready
              9,098.0    5.45     6.03    63     13     79
                                                                                                       

 Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar MMF
              8,061.6    5.48     6.42    39      0     52
                                                                                                       

 Prudential MoneyMart Assets
              7,027.8    5.04     5.95    59      7     77
                                                                                                       

 Kemper Money Market
              6,629.2    4.96     6.02    70      0     37
                                                                                                       

 Dreyfus Liquid Assets
              6,209.6    5.09     5.86    74      0     45
                                                                                                       

   HIGHEST FOURTH-QUARTER YIELD
                                                                                                       

 Riverside Capital MMF
                171.0    7.19%    6.81%   29%     0%    34
                                                                                                       

 Alger Money Market Portfolio
                151.8    5.64     6.45    95      0     35
                                                                                                       

 Olde Premium MM Series
                274.1    5.58        *    20     31     77
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch CMA Govt
              4,366.4    5.56     5.90     0     19     81
                                                                                                       

 US Government Secs Savings Fund
                 46.6    5.54     6.27     0      0     79
                                                                                                       

 Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar MMF
              8,061.6    5.48     6.42    39      0     52
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch CMA MF
             27,522.0    5.45     6.05    55     18     88
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch Ready
              9,098.0    5.45     6.03    63     13     79
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch USA Govt Res

                                                                                                       

 Evergreen MM Trust
                397.0    5.35     6.26    73      0     66
                                                                                                       

   HIGHEST 12-MONTH YIELD
                                                                                                       

 Riverside Capital MMF
                171.0    7.19%    6.81%   29%     0%    34
                                                                                                       

 Alger Money Market Portfolio
                151.8    5.64     6.45    95      0     35
                                                                                                       

 Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar MMF
              8,016.6    5.48     6.42    39      0     52
                                                                                                       

 GW Sierra Global Income MM
                 80.3    5.32     6.37    49      0     65
                                                                                                       

 US Government Secs Savings Fund
                 46.6    5.54     6.27     0      0     79
                                                                                                       

 Evergreen MM Trust
                397.0    5.35     6.26    73      0     66
                                                                                                       

 Dreyfus 100US Treas MMF LP
              3,791.6    5.24     6.20     0    100     70
                                                                                                       

 Fidelity Spartan MMF
              5,276.8    5.34     6.20    43     19     59
                                                                                                       

 American Performance Cash Mgt
                118.9    5.18     6.18    23      0     83
                                                                                                       

 Flex-Fund MMF
                315.9    5.20     6.16    59     83      9
                                                                                                       

   LOWEST 12-MONTH YIELD
                                                                                                       

 Declaration Cash Account
                 48.4    3.69%    4.25%   19%    81%    16
                                                                                                       

 Van Eck US Govt MF
                 41.3    3.89     4.67     0     52     47
                                                                                                       

 Provident MutualMoney Fund
                 33.1    3.89     4.83   100      0     19
                                                                                                       

 Blanchard 100Treasury MMF
                 33.9    3.89     5.02     0    100     68
                                                                                                       

 Government Investors Trust
                121.9    4.27     5.08     0      0     37
                                                                                                       

 Calvert Money Mgt Plus/Govt
                 25.5    4.18     5.08     0    100     57
                                                                                                       


                990.8    4.13     5.10     0     24      5
                                                                                                       

 SunAmerica Cash Fund
                 22.9    3.94     5.11    73      0     36
                                                                                                       

 Janney Montgomery Scott Govt
                281.0    4.40     5.12     0     29     54
                                                                                                       

 Franklin Federal MF
                189.1    4.15     5.14     0      0      2
                                                                                                       

 AVERAGE YIELD           4.75     5.64
                                                                                                       

   *Fund existed only part of period
                                                                                                       

   Source: IBC/Donoghue's Money Fund Report