Who's News:
   Holland Leaves
   Salomon for Post
   At Oppenheimer
   ----
   By Michael Siconolfi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
It is the second time in a week that a high-level
executive has left for a management role at a rival Wall
Street firm; senior Salomon investment banker Denis Bovin
resigned after 20 years to become a vice chairman at Bear
Stearns Cos.
   Mr. Holland, 47 years old, said the move had little to do
with the fallout from the Treasury-auction bidding scandal
that surfaced at Salomon in August. "To take the next step to
top management is a natural evolution for me," he said.
   Salomon Brothers Asset Management -- unlike other parts of
the Salomon franchise -- hasn't been hit hard by the scandal.
The unit recently won more business from the Resolution Trust
Corp.; it was hired to advise a $2.7 billion portfolio of
distressed securities, including junk bonds, taken over by
the federal agency from failed thrifts. That brings the total
overseen for the RTC to $7.1 billion.
   Though still a small piece of Salomon's profit picture,
the unit is expected to play a big role in Salomon's plans to
reduce its dependence on trading revenue by providing a
steadier stream of fee income from investing clients' money.
   Salomon is expected to name Robert S. Salomon Jr. to
succeed Mr. Holland as head of the money-management unit,
people familiar with the firm said. A year ago, Mr. Salomon
was named to the new post of chief investment officer at the
unit. Salomon declined to comment.
   At Oppenheimer, Mr. Holland will be a vice chairman along
with Roger Einiger, currently executive vice president,
people familiar with the firm said. The Oppenheimer Group
Inc. unit is No. 11 among instutional money managers,
overseeing $23 billion in assets. (The firm is unrelated to
Oppenheimer Management Corp.)