Marketing  Media:
   Operating Loss Fails
   To Reduce Interest
   In Buying Daily News
A Daily News spokesman attributed the large losses in part
to lost retail advertising in the bankruptcy-protection
filings of R.H. Macy  Co. and the Seaman's furniture store
chain.
   The paper's financial health is a key issue as the tabloid
provides more detailed financial data to a list of "serious
bidders." Only a few months ago, almost no one appeared
interested in buying the paper. But now, about six
prospective buyers have emerged, encouraged that the paper
has survived the death of Mr. Maxwell.
   One interested bidder, Mortimer Zuckerman, real estate
developer and publisher of U.S. News  World Report, said he
is unhappy that the sale is being dragged out. "The longer
they continue to delay the process and fail to resolve the
issue of ownership, the more the property decreases in
value," he said.
   Other interested bidders are believed to include Macfadden
Holdings Inc., which publishes the National Enquirer; and
Canada's Hollinger Inc., which owns the Jerusalem Post, Daily
Telegraph in Britain, and a chain of daily and weekly
newspapers in the U.S. Macfadden executives wouldn't comment;
Hollinger officials couldn't be reached. Peter Kalikow, a
real estate developer who owns the New York Post, has said he
wants to bid for the paper and combine the two tabloids'
production operations.