New Securities Issues
Pfizer Inc. -- $250 million of notes, due Feb. 1, 1997,
priced as 6 1/2% at 99.370 to yield 6.65%. The noncallable
notes were priced at a spread of 25 basis points above the
Treasury's when-issued five-year note. Rated triple-A by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and Standard  Poor's Corp.,
the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Lazard
Freres  Co.
   Philadelphia Electric Co. -- $250 million of first and
refunding mortgage bonds, due Jan. 15, 1999, won in
competitive bidding by underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs 
Co. The issue was priced as 7 1/2% at 99 1/2 to yield 7.593%.
The noncallable bonds were priced at a spread of 70 basis
points above the Treasury's seven-year note. The issue is
rated Baa-2 by Moody's and triple-B by SP.
   CIT Group Holdings Inc. -- $100 million of notes, due Feb.
1, 1994, won in competitive bidding by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
and priced as 5 1/2% at 99.806 to yield 5.605%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 47 basis points
above the Treasury's two-year note. The issue is rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                       MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Connecticut -- $127.6 million of special tax obligation
refunding bonds, priced by a Dillon, Read  Co. group. The
1992 Series A issue, for transportation infrastructure
purposes, was priced to yield from 2.75% in 1993 to 6.34% in
2008. The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and
doubleA-minus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Goldman Sachs. The issue, 1992-32, is backed by Fannie Mae
15-year 7 1/2% securities. The issue settles March 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. The
issue, 1992-31, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% securities. The
issue settles March 27.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $295 million of
Remic securities offered by Bear, Stearns  Co. The issue,
1992-30, is backed by Fannie Mae 9% securities. The issue
settles March 30.
                                                                                                       

                       EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   PCI Services Inc. -- An initial public offering of 2.9
million common shares priced at $10 a share through
underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Nova Pharmaceutical Corp. -- An issue of four million
common shares priced at $8.50 a share through underwriters
led by Tucker Anthony Inc. The size of the issue was
increased from 3.4 million shares.
   TSI Corp. -- An issue of 2.3 million common shares priced
at $12.50 a share through underwriters led by Cowan  Co.
                                                                                                       

                       EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Germany (sovereign) -- auctioned 3.12 billion marks of 8
1/8% bills due Jan. 22, 1996, at 99.70 and above; average
yield 8.21% via Deutsche Bundesbank. Also, 2.88 billion marks
allocated to central bank for market tending.
   Kingdom of Norway (sovereign) -- auctioned four billion
kroner of 9% bonds due Jan. 31, 1999, at 99.30 to yield
9.14%.
   Kingdom of Sweden (sovereign) -- auctioned three billion
kronor of 13% bonds due June 15, 2001, at average yield of
9.312%, via National Debt Office.
   National Bank of Hungary (sovereign) -- 600 million marks
of 10 1/4% bonds due March 11, 1999, at 100 1/4 via Deutsche
Bank AG. Fees 2 1/4.
   Chugoku Electric Power Co. (Japan) -- $250 million of 7%
Eurobonds due Feb. 20, 1997, at a reoffering and issue price
of 99.81 via Goldman Sachs International. Yield 7.05%
annually, a spread of 54 basis points above the comparable
Treasury issue. Fees 0.275.
   Hanwa Co. (Japan) -- $360 million of 3 1/8% Eurobonds with
equity warrants attached due Feb. 13, 1996, at an issue price
of par via Yamaichi International PLC. Guaranteed by Sumitomo
Bank Ltd. Each $10,000 bond has two warrants attached
allowing the holder to purchase the company's stock at a
premium of about 2 1/2% to the stock price on the fixing
date, which will be Thursday. The exercise period runs from
Feb. 27 to Feb. 16, 1996. Fees 2 1/4.
   Electricite de France (France) -- 150 million Swiss francs
of 6 1/2% public bonds due March 4, 2002, priced at 101 7/8
via Swiss Bank Corp. Call from March 4, 1999, at 101 1/4,
declining by 1/2 point each year. Fees 2 7/8.
   Arbed S.A. (Luxembourg) -- 150 million Swiss francs of 7
1/4% public bonds due Feb. 19, 2002, priced at 101 1/2 via
Union Bank of Switzerland. Fees 2 7/8.
   Deutsche Bank Finance N.V. Curacao -- offering 500 million
Swedish kronor of 10 1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 24, 1997, at an
issue price of 101.5 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd.
Yield 10.35% annually after discounting fees. Guaranteed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 1 7/8.