International:
   Hong Kong Chooses
   Mott Connell Group
   To Design Airport
The winning consortium, led by the engineering-design
company Mott Connell Ltd., was selected from an initial pool
of 33 bidders that was narrowed to three groups late last
year. At stake was the right to design and partly manage the
construction of the new airport, which is expected to be
operating by 1997.
   Other members of the consortium are Foster Hong Kong Ltd.,
whose chief architect, Sir Norman Foster, designed the Hong
Kong  Shanghai Banking Corp. headquarters; BAA PLC, the
airport-management group that operates several British
airports; and a handful of other British and Hong Kong
engineering and architectural subcontractors.
   Richard Allen, chief executive officer of the Provisional
Airport Authority, the government-appointed body responsible
for awarding all airport-related contracts, said the decision
to appoint Mott Connell was based "not only on price, but
also on the {group proposal's} technical merits."
   Contractors involved in the bidding said the winning price
tag was 20% higher than that of either of the other
finalists. Mr. Allen said the Mott Connell bid was higher
than the other two, but wouldn't disclose the amounts of the
other bids.
   To contain costs, terms of the bidding state that once
lump-sum payments are made to winning contractors, any cost
overruns will be paid by the builder, not the government.