World Markets:
   Equities in Tokyo Rebound on Rate-Cut Hopes,
   Though Market Is Viewed as Lacking Conviction
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Nikkei 225-stock average, which lost 153.32 points
Wednesday, closed at 20185.09, up 420.78 points, or 2.1%. The
number of advancing issues outnumbered declining issues
880-155, with 101 shares finishing unchanged. The Tokyo Stock
Price Index, or Topix, of all first section issues, which
dropped 26.09 points Wednesday, broke a 12-session losing
streak to end at 1451.14, up 43.36 points, or 3.1%.
   In Tokyo Friday, financial markets were closed for a
holiday.
   Thursday's volume was estimated at an impressive 550
million shares, up from 528.8 million Wednesday. Two weeks
ago, average volume was below 200 million shares a day. The
improvement was considered likely to be temporary, however,
as most of the trades Thursday were by institutions that
wanted to record profits or losses on some of their shares
before the fiscal year's closing.
   Evidence of this could be found from stock activity on the
Osaka market, which is normally quiet relative to Tokyo.
Crosstrading there led to record volume of 614 million shares
Wednesday and 550 million shares Thursday.
   Buying was spurred by expectations that Japan's central
bank would soon cut its official discount rate, now at 4.5%,
to stimulate the economy. Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa also
was expected to present a package of stimulatory measures
next Friday. But many investors were wary that buying on such
expectations could lead to selling on the event, should it
come.
   "The private sector still doesn't have a clear idea when
to come into the market," said Fukuo Kawakubo, research
manager at Nomura Securities Co., adding that traders "were
just reacting to the government's attitude."
   "There will be a lot of nervousness if the (discount) rate
cut is only one-half a (percentage) point, or there's no meat
in the (stimulus) package," said Liam Newburg, senior analyst
at Merrill Lynch Japan Inc.
   Meanwhile, in London, stock prices ended slightly higher
in quiet trading, as major investment decisions stayed on
hold pending the April 9 national election. The Financial
Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index rose 2.9 points to
2467.6. The FT 30stock index eased 2.7 points to 1923.1.
Volume was 484.3 million shares, compared with 454.3 million
shares a day earlier.
   Corporate news, such as poor earnings reports and dividend
cuts, took center stage, in a shift away from the market's
recent focus on political news. Also, British unemployment
figures for February were worse than most previous forecasts,
which rekindled stock-market worries that support for the
ruling Conservative Party could erode further in coming
political opinion polls.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index declined 7.55 points
to 1724.63, on some nervousness about today's raft of
March-delivery futures and options contracts' expirations,
which could force stock sales, for example, to cover short
positions on the futures exchange. The DAX's fall to a
perceived support floor of 1720 was viewed as a sign of stock
market weakness.
   Stockholm shares firmed on record single-session turnover
of 1.73 billion Swedish kronor, attributed partly to a block
trade involving about one-third of the total.
   Hong Kong shares fell sharply in extremely heavy trading,
as bargain-hunting clipped strong early gains and
accelerated. Taipei stocks registered solid drops, marking
the fourth consecutive losing session, as political
uncertainties continued. Seoul equities' retreat defied
desperate efforts by institutional investors to prop up the
market, where sentiment was damped by a wave of rumors
involving business failures.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Guardian Royal
Exchange soared 13.5 pence, or 12%, to 128 pence ($2.21). The
general insurer's 1991 pretax loss widened to #210 million
($362.7 million) from the year-earlier deficit of #157.2
million, because of recession-related claims, including a #37
million loss from mortgage indemnity. But the stock rose on
market relief that the company managed to make a payout,
although Guardian cut the dividend 41% to 7 pence a share.
The latest loss was at the most favorable end of market
expectations.
   Smith  Nephew climbed 4.5, or 3.2%, to 146. The health
and consumer products company's 1991 pretax profit edged up
less than 1% to #132.4 million, as strong results from
orthopedic operations helped in weathering the recession. The
flat results were in line with previous market forecasts.
Smith  Nephew proposed a full-year dividend increase of 2.1%
to 4.44 pence a share.
   In Frankfurt, BASF declined 0.60 mark to 244.90 marks
($148.12). The chemical company said group sales for this
year's first two months rose 2% and earnings "remain
satisfactory" with orders steady. But it said this will be a
difficult year for BASF, necessitating further cost cuts to
improve profitability; the work force is to be cut by about
9,000, or 7%, from 129,434 at the end of last year. The
chemical industry has been dealing with a continuing slump.
   In Paris, LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton added 9 French
francs to 4,499 francs ($801.32). The luxury products
concern, bouncing back from a Persian Gulf War slump a year
ago with help from strong spirits and leather-goods earnings,
posted an 11% rise in 1991 profit to 3.74 billion francs
($666.1 million).
   In Amsterdam, Hoogovens rose 0.70 guilder to 52.30
guilders ($28.09). As expected, the steelmaker had a 1991 net
loss of 51 million guilders ($27.4 million), partly because
of a 113 million-guilder extraordinary loss. A year earlier,
Hoogovens earned 298 million guilders. Citing the weak
performance, the company said it wouldn't pay a 1991
dividend; the year-earlier payout was 4.40 guilders a share.
   In Stockholm, Volvo B free shares, which are most widely
traded internationally, gained one krona to 406 kronor
($67.89). The auto maker reversed five consecutive quarterly
operating losses, as an 18-month cost-cutting program finally
began paying off. Volvo posted 1991 fourth-quarter pretax
profit of 204 million kronor ($34 million), compared with a
year-earlier pretax loss of 123 million kronor. Operating
profit rebounded to 89 million kronor, compared with an
operating loss of 625 million kronor a year earlier.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                Mar 18     Mar 17     Year
                                                                                                       


 Britain ....................    733.7     742.0     - 0.5
 Canada .....................    388.8     387.1     - 1.8
 Japan ......................    808.8     822.4     -18.3
 France .....................    546.2     549.8     + 9.2
 Germany ....................    267.7     266.9     +10.0
 Hong Kong ..................   3684.6    3704.5     +19.0
 Switzerland ................    223.4     223.0     + 8.9
 Australia ..................    334.9     337.0     - 4.7
 World index ................    491.8     493.4     - 8.1