Securities Offering Calendar
$20.4 billion in three- and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   $9.5 billion in seven-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                         CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   Chase Mortgage Finance Corp. -- $300 million of 30-year
bonds, via competitive bid.
   Prudential Home Mortgage Securities Co. -- $300 million of
30-year bonds, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Bell Bancorp Inc. -- initial two million common shares,
via Adams Cohen Securities Inc.
   Digicon Inc. -- 6,750,000 common shares, via Paine-Webber
Inc.
   Granite Broadcasting Corp. -- 2,750,000 shares, via Alex.
Brown & Sons Inc.
   Korea Growth Fund Inc. -- five million common shares, via
First Boston Corp.
   Korean Investment Fund Inc. -- five million common shares,
via PaineWebber.
   Liberty Bancorp Inc. -- initial 2,875,000 common shares,
via Adams Cohen.
   TSS Ltd. -- 2.5 million units consisting of one share and
one warrant, via Paulson Investment Co.
   World Bank -- $1.5 billion of Global Bonds, via Deutsche
Bank and Merrill Lynch & Co.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Allegany Health System, Fla. -- $63,040,000 of health
system revenue bonds, (Hillsborough County Industrial
Development Authority and St. Petersburg Health Facilities
Authority issue), (MBIA Inc.-insured), via a John Nuveen &
Co. group.
   Connecticut -- $105 million of clean water fund revenue
bonds, 1992 Series, via a Lazard Freres & Co. group.
   Illinois Student Assistance Commission -- $58,690,000 of
student loan revenue bonds, Series M, (Alternative Minimum
Tax), via a Chemical Securities Inc. group.
   Los Angeles Regional Airport Improvement Corp. -- $93
million of lease revenue bonds, (LAX Fuel Corp. for Los
Angeles International Airport), via a Smith Barney, Harris
Upham & Co. group.
   Nebraska Public Power District -- $138,630,000 of electric
system revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a First Boston
group.
   New Jersey Turnpike Authority -- $775 million of turnpike
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Goldman, Sachs & Co.
group.
   Tarrant County Water Control and Improvement District No.
1, Texas -- $399,185,000 of water revenue refunding and
improvement bonds, 1992 Series and $30,625,000 of water
revenue refunding bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Merrill Lynch
group.