International:
   Air France, Investors
   Agree to Acquire 40%
   Of Czech State Airline
A spokesman for Caisse des Depots confirmed that the
French state-run agency is participating in the negotiations
with CSA Czechoslovak Airlines. Caisse des Depots, whose
chairman sits on the Air France board of administrators, is a
huge investment arm of the French state.
   An EBRD official said the London-based bank was approached
by CSA about making an investment, but that no decisions have
been made.
   People familiar with the talks said that EBRD and Caisse
des Depots plan to contribute $20 million each in cash. Air
France would pay about $5 million in cash and about $15
million in services, such as computer assistance and pilot
training.
   EBRD is headed by Jacques Attali, brother of Air France
Chairman Bernard Attali, though industry officials said their
relationship has nothing to do with the separate investment
considerations.
   The two airlines plan to work together in many ways --
from computer-reservation systems to staff training to fuel
purchasing. Air France and CSA already jointly operate the
Paris-Prague route.
   Industry analysts hailed the agreement as a boon for Air
France, which gains access to the fledgling East European
market at little cost. For CSA, the agreement will give it
not only much-needed capital but access to Western technical
knowledge and resources.
   The remaining 60% of CSA's shares will be divided among
Czechoslovak state and financial institutions.