Credit Ratings:
   Dow Corning Debt
   Is Again Downgraded
   By Moody's Investors
The rating concern marked down the ratings on Dow
Corning's $381 million in debentures, medium-term notes and
industrial revenue bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2, and
downgraded the venture's commercial paper to Prime-2 from
Prime1.
   It additionally put all those debt ratings under review
for "further possible downgrade."
   Moody's said its actions were "based upon the credit
implications related to the potential liabilities arising
from claims and litigation associated with silicone gel
breast implants" manufactured by the venture's Dow Corning
Wright unit.
   Dow Corning Wright is the nation's leading maker of such
implants, which since mid-January have been blocked by a Food
and Drug Administration-imposed moratorium on sales. The unit
also faces legal challenges from plaintiffs who allege the
company's products pose health hazards. Implant sales
represented only about 1% of Dow Corning's overall sales in
1991.
   Moody's said its review of these safety issues "has raised
concerns about the expanding range of uncertainty regarding
DowCorning's potential liabilities and the anticipated
increase in litigation faced by Dow Corning."
   Dow Corning officials weren't available late yesterday for
comment on Moody's latest move.