New Securities Issues
Magma Copper -- $125 million of senior subordinated notes,
due Jan. 15, 2002, was priced at par to yield 11.50%. Rated
Ba-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-Bminus by
Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   John Deere Capital Corp. -- $100 million of notes, due
Feb. 1, 1995, was priced with a 6% coupon at 99.875 to yield
6.046%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 67
basis points above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated
single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs. John Deere
Capital is a unit of Deere  Co.
   Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- Four million common shares
were offered at $14 a share by underwriters Morgan Stanley 
Co. Inc. and Alex. Brown  Sons Inc. as part of the company's
initial public offering. A spokesman for Alex. Brown said the
company increased the size of the offering from an originally
planned three million shares. In addition to the four million
shares, the offering includes a 600,000share overallotment
option, which has not yet been exercised, the Alex. Brown
spokesman said. Amylin said 3.2 million of the shares are
being initially offered in the U.S. and Canada while the
remaining 800,000 shares are being initially offered outside
of the U.S. and Canada.
   CardioPulmonics Inc. -- 2.5 million common shares were
offered at $11 a share in an initial public offering managed
by Piper, Jaffray  Hopwood Inc. All of the shares were
offered by the company, which initially had planned to offer
two million shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Outback Steakhouse Inc. -- 2.3 million common shares were
priced at $29.50 a share through underwriters led by Alex.
Brown  Sons Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Montgomery County, Md. -- $330 million of adjustable line
exempt securities consolidated bond anticipation notes, due
Dec. 31, 1994, were priced with a 2.25% coupon at par. The
interest rate on the notes will be reset weekly beginning
Feb. 5. Alex. Brown  Sons Inc. is lead underwriter. The
notes, which are backed by a letter of credit from Dai-Ichi
Kangyo Bank Ltd., carry ratings of MIG-1/VMIG-1 from Moody's
and SP1-plus/Single-A-1-plus from SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $510 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities was
offered by Salomon Brothers Inc. The offering, Series
1992-22, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year 7% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                          AGENCY
                                                                                                       

   Federal Farm Credit Banks -- $200 million of medium-term
notes, due Jan. 27, 1997, were priced at par to float at a
spread of 85 basis points below the Cost of Funds Index. The
offering is being managed by Goldman Sachs.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Pearson Sterling Finance PLC (U.K.) -- #100 million of 10
3/4% eurobonds due Feb. 7, 2002 at issue price 101.15 via
Baring Brothers  Co. Offered to investors intially at a
fixed price of 99.55 to yield 10.83%, a spread of 1.15 points
above the (semi-annual) yield on the U.K. Treasury's 9 3/4%
issue due 2002. Guarantor Pearson PLC. Fees 2.
   Republic of Austria (sovereign) -- Two billion Austrian
schillings of domestic floating rate Treasury notes at the
three-month London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) less 1/8
point, priced at par and due February 2001, via Deutsche Bank
(Austria) AG. Callable beginning in February 1995 at par.
Fees 0.15.