Alcan Aluminium
   Posts $36 Million Loss
   For Fourth Quarter
In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange Alcan was
quoted at $22.125, down 12.5 cents.
   As previously reported, weak aluminum prices also hurt
Alcan's two major U.S.-based competitors. Aluminum Co. of
America's operating profit fell 81% and Reynolds Metals Co.'s
fell 78% in the fourth quarter. However, Alcoa and Reynolds
had operating profits for the period while Alcan reported an
operating loss. Compared with Alcoa and Reynolds, Alcan is
more dependent on sales of aluminum ingot, which has been
under greater pricing pressure than fabricated aluminum
products.
   Alcan said that its average selling price for aluminum
ingot was $1,308 a metric ton in the fourth quarter, down 25%
from the 1990 fourth quarter. Alcan's average price for
fabricated aluminum products was $3,763 a metric ton in the
fourth quarter, down just 3% from a year earlier. A metric
ton equals 2,204.62 pounds.
   David Morton, chairman and chief executive, said in a
statement that "the outlook for prices in the near term isn't
encouraging given the continuing oversupply situation and few
signs of an early recovery in demand."
   For the year, Alcan reported a loss of $36 million or 25
cents share compared with net income of $543 million or $2.33
a share a year earlier. The latest period included charges of
$60 million or 27 cents a share while 1990 included
nonoperating gains of $196 million or 87 cents a share.
Revenue was $7.75 billion compared with $8.76 billion in
1990.