Economy:
   Leading Index
   Climbed 0.9%
   During January
   ---
   Rise, the First Since October,
   Is Week's Second Sign
   Pointing to a Recovery
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The news prompted cheerleading from one noted pessimist.
"Recovery is coming," said Allen Sinai, chief economist for
Boston Co. "The lag time can be anywhere from two months to
five months. But it's coming. The issue is going to be what
shape and form it will be in."
   Other economists, however, expressed only cautious
optimism. "First of all, it's only one month," said Vic
Zarnowitz, professor emeritus of finance and economics at the
University of Chicago. "Second of all, the indicators are
still mixed. . . . It's good news, no doubt, . . . but one
should not be overexcited."
   The index was lifted in January by seven of its 11
indicators. Stock prices delivered the biggest push. Orders
for plant and equipment rebounded strongly after a weak
showing the previous month. Building permits, which continue
to be driven up by low interest rates, also pushed the index
upward, as did manufacturers' orders for consumer goods and
commodity prices.
   The average workweek, which fell to 40.8 hours in January
from 41.1 hours in December, had the most negative impact on
the index. The index of consumer expectations continued its
free fall, diving 3.9% from December; it now has fallen 22.6%
since September.
   The leading indicator data followed Monday's release of
the National Association of Purchasing Management's February
survey of members, which showed growth in the manufacturing
sector and the overall economy.
   Samuel D. Kahan, chief economist with Fuji Securities in
Chicago, emphasized that the leading indicator report was no
surprise. "It really wasn't all that much news," Mr. Kahan
said. "But it again confirms the view that there will be
positive, or modest, economic growth."
   The Commerce Department's index of coincident indicators,
used to track the current health of the economy, tumbled 1%
in January after dropping a revised 0.4% in December.
   In a separate announcement, the department said sales of
single-family homes leaped 12.9% in January to a seasonally
adjusted annual rate of 612,000 after falling 4.6% in
December. The January increase probably resulted at least in
part from the steep decline in interest rates in recent
months. Home-sale figures often are revised substantially in
the months after their initial release.
   The median price of new houses sold in January was
$125,000, up from a revised $122,000 in December and $117,900
in January 1991.
   ---
                    LEADING INDICATORS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the net contributions of the components of the
Commerce Department's index of leading indicators. After
various adjustments, they produced a 0.2% decline in the
index for December and a 0.9% increase for January.
                                                                                                       

                                      Jan.     Dec.
                                      1992     1991
                                                                                                       

   Workweek ........................  -.22      .07
   Unemployment claims .............   .07      .01
   Orders for consumer goods .......   .12     -.25
   Slower deliveries ...............  -.06     -.05
   Plant and equipment orders ......   .26     -.39
   Building permits ................   .15      .17
   Durable order backlog ...........  -.06     -.08
   Materials prices ................   .13      .16
   Stock prices ....................   .38      .04
   Money supply ....................   .07      .01
   Consumer expectations ...........  -.09     -.01
                                                                                                       

   The seasonally adjusted index numbers (1982=100) for
January, and the change from December, are:
                                                                                                       

   Index of leading indicators .....  146.5    0.9
   Index of coincident indicators ..  123.7   -1.0
   Index of lagging indicators .....  108.9   -1.4

   The ratio of coincident to lagging indicators was 1.14, up
from 1.13 in the previous month.