American Express Reduces
   Top Two Executives' Pay
The cuts reflected dismal results at its core Travel
Related Services unit, which issues the American Express
charge cards and travelers checks.
   On the other hand, Howard L. Clark Jr., chairman of the
Shearson Lehman Brothers unit, was handed $1.54 million in
bonuses for helping to turn around the investment services
business. That raised his total compensation for 1991 to
$2.05 million, making him the highest paid American Express
executive. Jonathan S. Linen, who was president of Shearson,
received $1.2 million in bonuses, lifting his total 1991
compensation to $1.6 million. He was recently named president
of Travel Related Services.
   Buoyed by a surge in stock transactions, Shearson earned
$207 million in 1991, compared with a loss of $977 million in
1990.
   The proxy also said the company was finalizing a pact with
Edwin M. Cooperman, former head of Travel Related Services,
under which it would pay him $850,000. The payment is
contingent on his compliance with certain covenants,
including agreeing not to compete with American Express and
not to recruit company employees until May 1993. Mr.
Cooperman resigned in November to take a post with Primerica
Corp.