Doctors Engaging
   In Self-Referrals
   May Face Charges
   ----
   By Paul M. Barrett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In a speech here to the National Health Lawyers
Association, Mr. Arquit warned that the agency may soon bring
charges against doctors engaging in self-referral because the
practice could raise prices and reduce the quality of health
care. The FTC investigations are the government's first
efforts to use the antitrust laws to combat self-referral.
   "We have reason to suspect that the troublesome patterns
of conduct identified in our investigations . . . are far
from idiosyncratic," said Mr. Arquit, who has reinvigorated
the FTC's antitrust enforcement in a number of areas, with
the backing of the five-member commission's chairwoman, Janet
Steiger.
   Self-referral actually is relatively commonplace, and the
inspector general of the Department of Health and Human
Services has investigated and prosecuted cases under an
anti-kickback statute related to Medicare, the federal health
insurance program for the elderly.
   Just last month, an ethics panel of the American Medical
Association recommended that in most cases physicians should
be barred from referring patients to medical facilities in
which the doctors have a business interest but don't
practice.
   Mr. Arquit described a hypothetical case in which medical
specialists form a venture to provide an ancillary medical
service -- laboratory testing, for example -- and then refer
all of their patients to that venture. The specialists would
gain control of the market for the lab tests, leading to
monopoly profits.
   Prosecutors, Mr. Arquit said, "will not hesitate" to seek
legal steps such as "breaking up such ventures" by means of
an order by the FTC, or by a federal judge, if necessary.