New Securities Issues
Conner Peripherals Inc. -- $300 million of convertible
subordinated debentures due March 1, 2002, priced late
Thursday at par to yield 6.50%. The debentures, noncallable
for three years, are convertible into common stock at $24 a
share, representing a 20.75% conversion premium from
Thursday's closing price. Rated single-B-1 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard  Poor's
Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Montgomery Securities Inc.
   Fabri-Centers of America Inc. -- $65 million of
convertible subordinated debentures, due March 1, 2002,
priced at par to yield 6.25%. The debentures are convertible
into common stock at $48.75 a share, representing a 23.81%
conversion premium over Thursday's closing price. Rated Ba-3
by Moody's and double-B-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Montgomery Securities Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $750.1 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Goldman Sachs  Co. The offering, Series Gold 1251, is backed
by Freddie Mac Gold 8 1/2% mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million of Remic
securities offered by Kidder Peabody  Co. The offering,
Series Gold 1250, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8 1/2%
mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of Remic
securities offered by First Boston Corp. The offering, Series
Gold 1252, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Bayerische Hypotheken-  Wechselbank AG (Germany) -- 100
million Swiss francs of 6 3/4% public bonds due April 6,
1999, priced at 102 1/4 to yield 6.34%, via Swiss Volksbank.
Fees 2 7/8.