Marketing  Media:
   Viacom Reports
   A Narrower Loss
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Sumner M. Redstone, whose National Amusements Inc. holds
about 76% of Viacom's common stock, noted that the company
sharply lowered borrowing costs during the year and would
have "realized a net profit during 1991 if all these changes
had occurred at the beginning of the year."
   He said he expects "further beneficial changes to our
capital structure" soon, and is "very optimistic about our
financial prospects for 1992."
   The fourth-quarter figures reflect about $25 million in
charges related to changes in the capital structure,
including about $21 million in one-time interest expense.
Fourth-quarter interest expense totaled $82.3 million, up
from $75.1 million a year earlier. At year end, debt totaled
$2.3 billion at a weighted average interest rate of 9.2%,
compared with $2.5 billion at 11.5% a year ago.
   Mr. Redstone said the company has lowered annual borrowing
costs by over $90 million.
   Earnings from operations in the quarter rose to $67.2
million from $13 million a year earlier, with MTV and
Showtime Networks income up 55% to $42.1 million and cable
television earnings up 32% to $28.7 million. Entertainment
earnings fell 23% to $10.9 million and broadcasting earnings
declined 34% to $7.6 million.
   For the year, the company had a net loss of $49.7 million,
or 44 cents a share, down from a year-earlier $89.8 million
or 84 cents a share. Revenue rose to $1.71 billion from $1.59
billion.