Revco Surprises
   Creditors, Offers
   Revamping Plan
   ----
   By Gabriella Stern
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Revco Chairman Boake A. Sells called management's move
"our raid on Baghdad." He said the Revco plan is "the
financial equivalent of the Eckerd plan," with the added
merit that Revco employees would keep their jobs and Revco
would remain independent. "Why should the creditors trash
Revco and put it out of business if they can get the same
money out of Revco? This plan keeps Revco independent," Mr.
Sells said.
   Mark Schnitzer, an analyst with Dabney/Resnick  Wagner
Inc., Beverly Hills, Calif., values the Eckerd plan at $795
million and the Revco plan, preliminarily, at $725 million.
Mr. Schnitzer said one disadvantage of Revco's plan is that
it "might extend the bankruptcy a little by causing confusion
among creditors." Both plans include cash, debt securities
and equity in the reorganized company.
   Revco, which is based in Twinsburg, Ohio, went into
Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings 3 1/2 years ago after being
saddled with $1.5 billion in debt, the result of a troubled
leveraged buy-out. Revco's parent is Anac Holding Corp.
   Eckerd, a closely held Clearwater, Fla., retailer and
drugstore operator, plans to turn Revco's headquarters into a
regional office and to close about 250 stores out of a total
of 1,150 nationwide. An Eckerd spokesman said, "Our plan
provides superior value" to creditors and added, "We're
confident our plan will be approved."
   Creditors scrambled to determine the value of the Revco
plan and compare it with Eckerd's. Stuart Hertzberg, an
attorney for trade creditors, said he was "stunned" by news
of the Revco plan. "It's so new we don't even know how to
respond," he said.
   The Revco and Eckerd plans will be presented in
mid-February to the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Akron, Ohio. The
judge will probably send the plan to the creditors for a
vote.