Bush Taps Yeutter
   As a Policy Adviser
   For Election Team
Mr. Bush hopes the shuffle will solve two problems at the
same time: beef up a White House domestic policy staff long
considered subordinate to controversial Budget Director
Richard Darman; and restore the sharp tactical edge to the
RNC that has been missing since the departure of Lee Atwater,
the former committee chairman and Mr. Bush's 1988 campaign
manager, who died of a brain tumor last year.
   Mr. Yeutter, 61 years old, had received solid reviews in
his previous stint as agriculture secretary. But as RNC
chairman, he was neither a high-profile spokesman nor a
nuts-and-bolts strategist. In his new job, Mr. Yeutter will
oversee domestic and economic policy deliberations and
provide a counterweight to both Mr. Darman and Treasury
Secretary Nicholas Brady, whose advice to the president has
repeatedly drawn fire from GOP conservatives.
   Mr. Bond, who served as Mr. Atwater's deputy in the 1988
campaign and later founded his own consulting business, until
recently had been estranged from the White House because of
poor relations with Mr. Sununu. But since December, he has
been a senior adviser to the Bush-Quayle re-election
campaign. Mr. Bond, 41, a veteran of Mr. Bush's 1980 and 1988
campaigns, is a feisty political tactician who will oversee
the RNC's get-out-the-vote drive and mesh the president's
campaign efforts with those of other GOP candidates.