New Securities Issues
Morgan Stanley Group Inc. -- An issue of six million
shares of cumulative preferred stock was priced through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co. Strong investor
demand prompted underwriters to boost the size of the issue
from an originally planned four million shares. The
$25-a-share preferred stock issue, which is noncallable for
five years, was priced at par with a dividend rate of 8.75%.
The issue is rated single-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service
Inc. and single-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500.1 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Goldman, Sachs  Co. The offering, Series
1992-G24, is backed by Government National Mortgage
Association 9% mortgage securities and also partially by
Stripped Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust 132. The collateral
has a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 28.58
years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $250 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by PaineWebber
Inc. The offering, Series 1992-62, is backed by Fannie Mae 7%
balloon mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 7.70% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 6.8 years. The issue settles May 29.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by First Boston
Corp. The offering, Series 1992-64, is backed by Fannie Mae
15-year 7 1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 8.20% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 14.58 years. The issue settles
May 29.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Salomon Brothers Inc.
The offering, Series Gold 1258, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
15-year 8% mortgage securities. The issue settles May 29.
   Federal Home Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of Remic
securities is being offered by Prudential Securities Inc. The
offering, Series Gold 1262, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 7
1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 8.25% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 29.75 years. The issue settles May 29.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   IMI Bank International (Italy parent) -- One billion
French francs of 9 1/8% Eurobonds due April 15, 2002, at
issue price 101.40 via Societe Generale. Offered to investors
initially at fixed price 99.775 to yield 9.16%, margin 0.62
above French government's 8 1/2% due Nov., 2002. Guarantor
Istituto Mobiliare Italiano. Fees 2.
   Republic of Ireland (Sovereign) -- 150 billion lire of 11
1/4% Eurobonds due April 2, 2002, at issue price 101.45 via
Banca d'America e d'Italia (Deutsche Bank AG subsidiary).
Yield 11.34% less full commissions. Fees 2.
   Bank Voor Nederlandsche Gemeenten N.V. (Netherlands) --
500 million marks of 8% bonds due April 23, 2002, at 102.60
via Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 2 1/2.
   General Electric Co. (U.S.) -- 300 million marks of 8%
bonds due April 3, 1997, at 102.30 via J.P. Morgan G.m.b.H.
Fees 2.
   Sankyu Inc. (Japan) -- 120 million Swiss francs of 6 1/2%
privately placed notes due March 31, 1996, at par plus 0.3
point federal tax via New Japan Securities (Schweiz) AG. Fees
1 1/2.