Carnival to Return
   Lease on Property
   At Bahamas Resort
   ----
   By Michael J. McCarthy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Carnival, which is based in Miami, recently took a $135
million write-down on the resort, bringing the stated value
of Crystal Palace to $50 million. Carnival had agreed in
October to sell up to 40% of the resort to the Bahamian
government, in return for forgiveness of $70 million in debt.
But a Carnival spokesman said the parties agreed to
restructure the deal so both could own 100% interest in
separate properties instead.
   The transaction leaves Carnival with 867 rooms in a newer
portion of the resort, which it will continue to try to sell.
A Carnival spokesman said the company has "had some nibbles"
for the remaining property but declined to identify the
interested parties. Carnival has been trying to find a way
out of its three-year-old unprofitable venture into the hotel
and gambling business since late last year.
   Analysts said the cancellation of the note will erase the
annual $7 million interest bill on the debt for Carnival.
   But more important, the remaining Crystal Palace property
will be more attractive to prospective buyers, they said. It
will now be debt free and it will have a smaller occupancy
base. James Parker, a senior analyst with Robinson Humphrey,
says that it now may be possible for Carnival to sell the
property for more than its $50 million value. "They may be
able to get some cash to put back into the cruise business
for higher returns," he said.
   In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday,
Carnival shares were quoted at $28.50, up $1.375.
   Carnival opened the Crystal Palace in December 1988 and
expanded it in 1990 to its current size of about 1,550 rooms.
Carnival issued the promissary note in 1988 in connection
with its acquisition of the Cable Beach Hotel from the
Bahamian government.