Monarch Funding
   Penalized by NASD
   For Alleged Rigging
Last week, the elder Mr. Eisenberg pleaded guilty to
federal racketeering and fraud charges in a scheme to
manipulate at least three other penny stocks.
   The NASD complaint charges that the Eisenbergs and Monarch
misled investors about the May 1986 initial public offering
of Tele-Dynamics Inc., controlled the market for the stock
and drove it up to artificially high prices, netting
themselves and others excess profits of at least $535,000.
Monarch was the sole underwriter of the offering, described
as a "blind pool" with no specific investment purpose.
   NASD charged that the Eisenbergs agreed before the
Tele-Dynamics deal was completed to use proceeds from the
offering to finance another company -- Alzheimer  Dementia
Management Corp. of Illinois Inc., according to NASD -- which
said it planned to open centers to treat Alzheimer's disease.
   The Eisenbergs failed to notify regulators of the change,
NASD said, sold the offering using false and misleading
statements and more than tripled the price of the securities,
which were offered at five cents each, by controlling
ownership of the issue.
   NASD also said Monarch failed to disclose that Michael
Eisenberg was hired as a promoter for Tele-Dynamics and
controlled the company's management after it went public,
allowing him to net another $200,000 in profit by exercising
two million Tele-Dynamics warrants.