State Court Clears
   French Firm to Buy
   Executive Life Bonds
The prospective sales to French entities were initially
set during months of bidding arranged by the California
Department of Insurance, which has had day-to-day control of
Executive Life since its failure in April 1991.
   However, the selection of the French entities has been
subject to court approval and objections have been launched
by holders of $1.85 billion of municipal bonds backed by
Executive Life, which has contested many aspects of the
insurance department's management of the company.
   California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi welcomed
the plan, saying "we are delighted that Judge Lewin has
confirmed our competitive process and given us permission to
move ahead with our rehabilitation effort."
   But the speed with which those steps take place depends in
part on the actions of lawyers representing holders and
trustees of the so-called muni-GIC bonds.
   Philip Warden, representing trustees for $1.65 billion of
the muni-GIC's, said his clients may appeal the judge's
decision to allow the bond sale to Altus Finance. In any
case, Mr. Warden said, "We expect to be told in advance
before any of the bonds are irrevocably gone."
   Judge Lewin is scheduled to consider next week a plan
proposed by the insurance department that would sharply
reduce payment to muni-GIC holders who bought the bonds after
the failure of Executive Life. Such a step is needed "to
preserve fairness and prohibit windfall profits for
speculators," the insurance department said.