U.S. Agency Offers
   Scaled-Back Plan
   To Protect Owls
   ----
   By Charles McCoy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The government first proposed listing more than 11 million
acres as prime owl habitat, and reduced that to 8.2 million
last fall. Environmentalists criticized the government for
further scaling back the plan to the 6.8 million acres
included in the final version, even as logging groups were
still calling the final proposal economically devastating.
   The spotted owl has become a symbol of environmentalists'
efforts to save the remnants of the nation's virgin forests,
which have been reduced by an estimated 98% in the past two
centuries. And the owl issue has become a battleground in the
conflict between wildlife preservation and economic growth.
   Listing land as critical owl habitat means that the
acreage will likely be subject to some logging restrictions,
which can range from modest limits on how many trees can be
cut to a total logging ban. Another Interior Department team
is working on a so-called recovery plan, which will contain
additional details of how the logging limits will shake out.
   That plan is expected to be complete in February, but it
won't put the matter to rest. The Forest Service is working
on a separate owl plan that must be submitted to a federal
court in Seattle, which is also hearing a separate
owl-related case.
   Yet another Interior Department task force, dubbed the
"God Squad," is evaluating whether the government should
waive protecting the owl under provisions of the Endangered
Species Act because of the potential economic impact of doing
so. And additional lawsuits, as well as new initiatives from
Congress and the administration, are likely to keep the
controversy bubbling throughout the year.