Central Holding Chief
   Resigns; Loss Posted
   For Fiscal 2nd Period
The regulators did propose that Central Holding execute a
cease-and-desist order covering modifications to procedures
such as establishment of loan-loss provisions, loans to one
borrower, record-keeping and the accounting of expenses.
   The company said Robert N. Shuster, 34 years old, succeeds
David A. Widlak, 43, as president and chief executive. Mr.
Shuster was executive vice president of mortgage banking with
Central Holding's Colonial Central Savings Bank unit. Also,
he previously was chief financial officer for Central Holding
and Colonial Central.
   Mr. Widlak will remain as chairman of the company's Red
Carpet Real Estate Service Inc. unit. But the company said
that because of the quarterly loss and recent conversations
with federal regulators, it will try to sell the real estate
brokerage franchise business.
   Mr. Shuster said the changes were made to focus the
company more on "plain vanilla" banking operations rather
than the "more entrepreneurial" real estate side of its
business. Mr. Widlak couldn't be reached for comment.
   Central Holding posted a net loss of $3.8 million, or
$1.05 a share, in the quarter ended Dec. 31, compared with
net income of $35,000, or one cent a share, a year earlier.
In the latest quarter, it had a net loss from continuing
operations of $1.3 million, or 35 cents a share, compared
with a profit from continuing operations of $120,000, or
three cents a share, a year earlier.