National Medical Expects to Report
   Psychiatric Unit's First Quarterly Loss
   ----
   By Sonia L. Nazario
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Federal and state agencies in Texas, Florida and New
Jersey are investigating charges that Psychiatric Institutes
paid "bounty hunter" fees to get psychiatric patients, held
patients against their will to cash in on insurance funds and
misdiagnosed others to bilk insurers. The company has
acknowledged that its unit engaged in practices it's "not
proud of," but denied paying bounty hunter fees or
involvement in other illegal activities.
   Company spokesman David Olson acknowledged that the
psychiatric business -- which makes up almost 30% of company
revenue -- has plummeted 30% to 40% in Texas in the past
year, and 20% to 30% in New Jersey and Florida.
   "I don't know if this issue is behind them," said John
Hindelong, a health care analyst with Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette. Mr. Hindelong expects National Medical to downsize
significantly its psychiatric division, shutting down or
converting into rehabilitation centers as many as six of its
88 psychiatric hospitals. Mr. Olson declined to comment
directly but said that business hit a low mark in
mid-December and has recovered slightly since then.
   In addition, last week the Texas Department of Mental
Health and Mental Retardation threatened to shut down the
chain's Fort Worth psychiatric hospital after issuing a
stinging 10-page indictment of practices there. It gave the
hospital 30 days to make changes or have its license pulled.