Law:
   Minnesota Court Finds
   Law Unconstitutional
   On Minority Adoption
But the court ruled the state's Minority Adoption Act
unconstitutional because it is limited to minority children.
   The foster parents, who sought to adopt the girl,
challenged the constitutionality of the law, which gives
preference in adoptions to relatives and to families of the
same race.
   Stewart Perry, who represents the foster parents, said the
case will be appealed to the Minnesota Supreme Court. But he
said he was pleased that the court had struck down the law.
"It has far-ranging effects in the state, especially in
Hennepin County," where Minneapolis is located, he said. "A
small group of racists has been removing children from homes
on the basis of race. They have been using this statute as
their means of carrying out their segregationist ideas."
   Hennepin County Attorney Michael Freeman said he would
recommend to the state legislature that the law be altered so
it applies to all children. "I think that race and heritage
should be a major consideration in placing children," he
said. "But that should apply to all children and not just
minorities."
   Judge Robert Schumacher, who dissented, agreed that the
minority adoption law was unconstitutional. But he said a new
trial should be ordered to determine who should adopt the
youngster.