OTC Focus:
   Index Climbs 1.24% as Slump Ends;
   Technology, Health Issues Lead Way
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Nasdaq Composite Index, which had fallen 2.8% between
last Monday and this Monday, advanced 7.64, or 1.24%, to
623.46. The Nasdaq 100, which tracks large nonfinancial
issues, rose 14.01, or 2.10%, to 680.64.
   "It was just time for a technical bounce of some sort,"
said Leslie Seff, head of Nasdaq trading at Gruntal  Co.
"There was some degree of pent-up buying," he said. Would-be
purchasers had stepped out of the market while stock prices
fell.
   Advancing issues outpaced decliners, 1,286 to 917.
National Market System volume totaled 164,170,000 shares,
well above Monday's 129,910,000.
   Big Board shares also were sharply higher but they
surrendered part of their gains late in the day. The Dow
Jones Industrial Average finished with a gain of 15.87, or
0.49%. It had been up more than 30 points earlier.
   Greg Nie, a technical analyst at Kemper Securities Group,
said some buyers were enticed back into the OTC market after
the Nasdaq Composite Index successfully held Monday at the
615 levelthe bottom end of a trading range that has been
intact since late January.
   If stocks continue to rally today, Mr. Nie said, the
market could be poised to advance toward 630 to 635 on the
Nasdaq index. But he said technical factors, such as readings
on cash reserves and pessimism, indicate that a near-term
rally won't carry the index to its record of 644.92, set in
mid-February.
   Meanwhile, if stocks falter today, the Kemper analyst said
more selling could be in the offing. "If we keep jumping on
the trapdoor of 615, it's going to go eventually," he said.
   Helping to lift Microsoft shares was a projection by its
chairman, William H. Gates III, that the company will sell
one million copies of its Windows software in the first 30
days after a new version is released. Version 3.1 of the
personal-computer operating-system software is expected to be
shipped beginning April 6. It is the first substantial
upgrade for the product in about two years.
   Meanwhile, shares of health maintenance organization
operators were among the strongest issues in the health care
segment. Some of these companies, whose shares have been
battered recently, should report improved first-quarter
earnings, according to Margo Vignola, an analyst at Salomon
Brothers.
   "These are companies that face very bright prospects in
the first quarter. This is when they get the biggest
increases in enrollments and in premiums," Ms. Vignola said
of the HMO companies. U.S.  Healthcare, another HMO operator,
rose 2 1/4 to 49.
   Elsewhere, MCI Communications gained 1 1/4 to 34 3/8. The
company said it will repurchase as many as 15 million shares
of its common, for use in its employee benefits program.
   Dell Computer jumped 2 1/4 to 39 1/4 after the maker of
low-cost personal computers posted fourth-quarter net income
of 62 cents a share, up from 42 cents a share a year ago, and
declared a 3-for-2 stock split. Analysts surveyed by First
Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks, had expected the
Austin, Texas, concern to earn about 57 cents in the latest
quarter. Dell said its international revenue nearly doubled
in the period.
   But shares of another personal computer concern, AST
Research, slipped 1 3/8 to 19 1/8. Analysts at Mabon
Securities Corp. and First Boston Corp. cut earnings
estimates for the company, Dow Jones Professional Investor
Report said.
   Landmark Graphics slumped 4 5/8 to 13 5/8. The company
projected break-even results for the third quarter, ending
this month, compared with year-ago net income of 26 cents a
share. The company, which makes computer systems used by oil
and gas exploration companies, blamed the results on
sluggishness in those industries. The Houston company
estimated its revenue for the quarter at $20 million, down
from $24.1 million last year.
   Oracle Systems slipped 1/4 to 17 1/4 on heavy volume of
6.3 million shares. The stock traded as low as 16 1/4
intraday; Monday it lost 2. Market observers said some
investors have become concerned about the software maker's
earnings for the third quarter, which ended last month.
Several analysts, though, remain unworried. Cowen  Co.,
Soundview Financial Group and Dean Witter Reynolds all
repeated "buy" recommendations on the stock, Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said.
   Biosys, a new issue, closed at 12, unchanged from its
offering price, on volume of 2.2 million shares. The Palo
Alto, Calif., company makes products designed to control
insects through the use of microorganisms. Its offering
totaled 2.6 million shares.  Failure Group slipped 3/4 to 10
after it estimated that its earnings for the third quarter,
ended last month, were one third less than the 19 cents a
share it posted a year ago. The company said it will reduce
its work force by 5% to 10%. The stock fell 2 1/2 Monday
after analysts made cautious comments.
   Fibronics International lost 5/8 to 8 1/4. The company
said it expects to post a loss of $1.5 million for its fourth
quarter.
   Biomira jumped 1 1/2 to 17 after the Canadian
biotechnology company said that it acquired a three-year
option on an exclusive license for the use of a "peptide
antigen" used in developing cancer treatments. Biomira also
said that its two founders, Drs. Michael Longenecker and
Antoine Noujaim, each sold 100,000 shares, or 10% of their
holdings, in the company's stock in February and early March;
together, they now own 10.4% of the shares and said they
agreed to retain their holdings for at least the rest of
1992.
   Biomira sold four million shares to the public in
mid-December in Canada and the U.S., including 1,540,000
shares in the U.S. at $11 each. The stock climbed as high as
26 1/4 in early February on speculation about a licensing and
research pact the company said it had in the works with a
"major pharmaceutical company." After the agreement with
Sterling Winthrop Inc. was announced, the stock eased to a
recent low of 15 1/4.
   Optical Radiation jumped 3 1/2 to 28. The company agreed
to purchase closely held Corneal Contouring Inc., based in
Tulsa, Okla., for $10 million, plus future royalty payments.
   Hutchinson Technology fell 3/4 to 27 1/4. The company
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an
offering of one million shares of its common stock.
   Compression Labs jumped 2 1/4 to 24 7/8. The company was
featured in an article in this paper about the development of
video telephones.