L.A. Gear Deficit
   Was Biggest Ever
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By David J. Jefferson
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In the year-earlier fourth quarter, ended Nov. 30, L.A.
Gear had a loss of $7.1 million, or 37 cents a share,
including a $660,000 loss from discontinued operations. Sales
dropped 26% to $127.1 million from $171.5 million, as the
Marina del Rey, Calif., company sold fewer pairs of sneakers,
and at deeper discounts as it tried to clear out inventory.
Inventories stood at $141.1 million on Nov. 30, compared with
$160.7 million a year ago.
   The quarterly results swelled L.A. Gear's losses for the
year to $66.2 million, or $3.49 a share, compared with net
income of $31.3 million, or $1.56 a share, a year earlier.
Gross profit margins fell to 27.4% in 1991 from 34.9% a year
earlier, as the company slashed prices on its shoes. Sales
for the year dropped 24% to $618.1 million from $818.8
million.
   Wall Street had anticipated the dismal results and reacted
favorably yesterday, pushing L.A. Gear's shares up 87.5 cents
to $15.875 in late New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
"It's a case of buying on the bad news," said Kidder, Peabody
 Co. analyst Gary M. Jacobson. "I think the bulk of the bad
news is now behind L.A. Gear-1992 will be a modestly
profitable transition year, and in 1993 they will make a lot
of money."
   Company executives declined to discuss the results, but
the heavy charges were apparently new management's way of
cleaning house. Last month, L.A. Gear's founder and chairman,
Robert Y. Greenberg, was forced out after a months-long power
struggle with 34%-owner Trefoil Capital Investors Limited
Partnerhip, the bailout fund of Walt Disney Co. Vice Chairman
Roy E. Disney that came to L.A. Gear's rescue last year with
a $100 million cash infusion. Stanley P. Gold, Trefoil
managing director succeeded Mr. Greenberg as chairman and
chief executive officer.
   L.A. Gear's new president, Mark Goldston, and his
management team have spent the past six months winnowing and
refocusing L.A. Gear's product lines into distinct athletic
and lifestyle categories, all plugged with a new advertising
slogan, "Get In Gear."