This Game Will Never Sell Here
   Without Some Kind of a Zapper
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"`Japan Bashing' is a game full of reality and tension,"
according to SystemSoft, which made a name for itself in
Japan with its "Grand Strategy" and "Total Conquest" series
of games.
   In the new game, the U.S. and Japanese sides square off
against a background of red, white and blue graphics, and a
map of the two countries that displays Japan proportionally
larger than the U.S.
   As an `American,' a player gets a limited number of
"bashing points," to use in wearing down Japanese
negotiators. For every verbal bash ("The Japanese should stop
seeing the world from a narrow point of view" is one), the
U.S. player spends some of his points.
   Sometimes the Japanese official gives way. To the "narrow
viewpoint" bash, for example, he agrees to broaden his
outlook "in order not to leave an aftereffect on the
(U.S.-Japan) relationship." When he does agree, the American
has the option of piling up more demands.
   If the Japanese side doesn't give way, SystemSoft lets its
"American" turn up the heat by taking the game from "working
level" to "summit," or even up to "hotline." It costs a lot
of bashing points to do it though, and the player is expected
to spend the points over 11 imaginary years before the game
ends.
   "Demands in the beginner level are easy, such as not
increasing the U.S trade deficit with Japan beyond the
current level," says a company spokesman. "The advanced
course is more difficult. The player has to change the U.S.
trade balance with Japan to a surplus, and moreover
deteriorate the condition of the Japanese economy."
   In this game, winning isn't the only thing. In fact, there
isn't any winning, just diplomatic maneuvering toward your
goal. "It's really up to you," says the spokesman. "The
purpose is to make the relationship the way you want."