New Stock Listings
The Big Board began trading the following initial
offerings: Margaretten Financial Corp., Perth Amboy, N.J., a
mortgage banking company, under MRG; National Re Holdings
Corp., Stamford, Conn., a property and casualty reinsurance
company, under NRE; and Electrocom Automation Inc.,
Arlington, Texas, a maker of high-speed automated document
processing systems and equipment, under ECA.
                                                                                                       

   The National Market System of the over-the-counter market
began trading the following initial offerings: Scotts Co.,
Marysville, Ohio, a maker of garden and lawn care products,
under SCTT; Target Therapeutics Inc., San Jose, Calif., a
maker of disposable medical devices, under TGET; AdvaCare
Inc., Horsham, Pa., a business services and management firm
for health care providers, under AVCR; Corvas International
Inc., San Diego, a biopharmaceutical company, under CVAS;
Fleet Call Inc., Rutherford, N.J., a provider of radio-phone
dispatching services, under CALL; Infinity Broadcasting
Corp., New York, an owner and operator of radio stations,
under INFTA; Matrix Pharmaceutical Inc., Menlo Park, Calif.,
a patented protein matrix technology firm, under MATX; Noel
Group Inc., New York, a controller of small oil and gas,
medical technology, mushroom production and consumer products
firms, under NOEL; PCI Services Inc., Philadelphia, a
pharmaceutical packaging company, under PCIS; Protein Design
Labs Inc., Mountain View, Calif., a designer of antibodies
and other proteins for treatment of disease, under PDLI;
Varsity Spirit Corp., Memphis, Tenn., a maker of cheerleader,
dance team and booster club uniforms, under VARS; and Zynaxis
Inc., Malvern, Pa., a biotechnology firm, under ZNXS.
                                                                                                       

   The following three warrants, associated with Medical
Technology Systems Inc., Clearwater, Fla., a maker of
disposable medication punch cards and dispensing equipment
for prescription medicines, are currently trading on the
Nasdaq System, but will begin trading on the national market
system tomorrow: common stock, under MSYSD; warrants expiring
May 31, 1992, under MSYWD; and warrants expiring Jul. 10,
1996, under MSYZD. The "D" at the end of the symbols indicate
a stock split of Jan. 10, 1992.
                                                                                                       

   The following two issues, both oil and gas exploration
companies currently trading on the Nasdaq System, will also
begin trading on the national market system tomorrow:
Evergreen Resources Inc., Denver, under EVER; and Pan
Petroleum Master Limited Partnership, Kansas City, Mo., under
PANPZ.
                                                                                                       

   The following two issues, currently trading on the Nasdaq
System, will begin trading on the national market system at
the completion of their secondary offerings: American United
Global Inc., Downey, Calif., a maker of synthetic rubber and
metal-to-rubber bonded sealing devices, under AUGI; and Oncor
Inc., Gaithersbury, Md., a maker of DNA probe test systems
and products, under ONCR.
                                                                                                       

   The Big Board began trading options on Autozone Inc.,
Memphis, Tenn., an automotive parts and accessories retailer,
under AZO; Organogenesis Inc., Cambridge, Mass., a maker of
living skin and organ equivalents, under ORG; Mark IV
Industries Inc., Amherst, N.Y., a maker of electrical
equipment and audio products, under IV; and AnnTaylor Stores
Corp., New York, a specialty women's apparel retailer, under
ANN.
                                                                                                       

   The Pacific Stock Exchange also began trading AnnTaylor
options under the same symbol.
                                                                                                       

   The Chicago Board Options Exchange began trading options
on Aura Systems Inc., El Segundo, Calif., a magnetic
suspension and vibration isolation technology company, under
AURA.
                                                                                                       

   Additionally, the American Stock Exchange began trading
options on CopyTele Inc., Huntington Station, N.Y., a
designer of displays for the presentation of data and
graphics, under KPQ; Home Intensive Care Inc., North Miami
Beach, Fla., an infusion therapy services firm, under HIQ;
Invacare Corp., Elyna, Ohio, a maker of medical equipment for
home healthcare, under IVQ; and Mycogen Corp., San Diego, a
developer of vaccines for childhood diseases, under MYQ.