World Markets:
   Investors Face a Challenge in Picking Winners
   And Losers of Europe's Single Market Integration
   ----
   By Nicholas Bray
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But picking the winners and avoiding the losers won't be
an easy task. For a start, though 1992 has only just arrived,
the concept of a unified European market has been around for
some time. Its expected consequences, analysts say, have
already largely been discounted in terms of share prices and
the pricing strategies of manufacturing companies.
   One of the principal questions investors now have to ask
themselves, says Carolyn Moser, equity strategist at Lehman
Bros. International, is "who will be around beyond 1992,
serving a single market and benefiting from the much greater
client base?" A few names crop up continually. They include
Unilever Group and BSN in foods, Siemens in the electrical
sector, Deutsche Bank among banks, British Airways and
British Steel.
   Though size may mean safety, the likely pressures on costs
and profit margins of a unified market mean that survival
alone, at least in the short term, won't necessarily
guarantee high returns.
   Some companies will be obvious gainers from a unified
market. As governments embark on major infrastructure
projects, for example, construction and telecommunications
companies are likely to be among the main beneficiaries.
Areas for investors to stay away from include the hitherto
protected insurance markets of Switzerland and Germany and
"the airline industry as a whole," suggests Bert Jansen,
equities strategist at Paribas Ltd. in London. The automobile
industry, road transport services and cement manufacturers
face a similarly uncertain future.
   Some analysts even suggest giving the European single
market as a whole as wide a berth as possible. "If you think
the single market will result in lower prices and lower
profits," comments Nick Stevenson, European equity strategist
at SG Warburg Securities, "you probably don't want to be in
something that is rationalizing: You want to avoid the
pan-European market."
   Instead, he suggests, rather than investing in companies
engaged in tough cross-frontier competition, investors should
go for those with strong niche positions.
   If niche businesses are the answer, a few seem likely to
reap significant dividends from European integration.
Deregulation will pave the way for more flexible pricing
policies on the part of utilities and service companies,
particularly in southern Europe. Thanks to their monopoly
position on local markets, telephone operators like Spain's
Telefonica and Italy's SIP could particularly benefit.
   New legislation is likely to prompt a boom in legal
publishing, and Morgan Stanley's Mr. Roche predicts Dutch
legal publisher Wolters Kluwer will benefit. Deregulation is
also likely to boost mergers and acquisitions and fuel the
privatization of state-owned companies, providing extra
revenue for U.S. investment banks and Britain's financial
services industry.
   Some niche companies even offer investors a specifically
Euro flavor. Take Eurodisney SCA, for example: With a
copyright monopoly on Mickey Mouse and other Walt Disney
characters, Eurodisney's theme park, due to open outside
Paris on April 12, will draw visitors from Europe's
wealthiest region. Though its shares have been hurt by
demands from builders for payment on cost overruns,
Jean-Jacques Limage at James Capel in Paris says Eurodisney
shares still could go up between now and April. Thanks to
Eurodisneyland's location and its professionalism, he says,
it's heading for "sure-fire success."
   Or take Eurotunnel, the cross-Channel link between Britain
and France slated for inauguration in mid-1993. With a
monopoly on fixed-link transport between Britain and
continental Europe well into the next century, it should also
gain from increased intra-European trade and tourism.
   But most companies' performance will depend far more on
managerial and market issues and economic growth rates and
inflation than on European integration.
   ---
   World Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   Tokyo stocks fell in thin trading Friday amid growing
market pessimism, but rumors that regulators would step in to
support the market lifted stock prices from their intraday
lows in volatile afternoon trading. In London, share prices
also finished weaker in choppy dealings.
   The Nikkei 225-stock index fell 290.82 points to 21321.37.
The index lost 162.94 points Thursday.
   In early trading Monday, the Nikkei skidded 338.41 points
to 20982.96.
   During Friday morning's session, the market fell sharply,
with the Nikkei index dropping as low as 21145.71, just above
the 1991 intraday low of 21123.90. But rumors that the
Finance Ministry was instructing Japan's "Big Four"
securities houses to support the market, and talk of another
discount-rate cut caused stocks to surge more than 400 points
during the afternoon.
   First-section volume was estimated at 240 million shares,
little changed from 244.5 million shares traded Thursday.
Losers outnumbered gainers, 814 to 172, while 132 issues
remained unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all
first-section issues, which dropped 6.02 points Thursday,
fell 18.12 points, or 1.12%, to 1600.26.
   The London market was set adrift by questions over whether
an economic recovery is under way. Dealers said defensive
sectors were sold off in favor of recovery plays, in the
hopes that an economic upturn has begun.
   The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index lost
4.9 points to 2536.7, just above the day's low of 2536.5. The
FT 30-stock index gained 8.5 points to 1966.8. Volume rose to
687.2 million shares, compared with 638.4 million shares a
day earlier.
   In Frankfurt, share prices finished mostly higher as stock
and index options expired on the German Futures and Options
Exchange. The DAX 30-stock index climbed 4.65 points, or
0.28%, to 1670.99.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                 % 1991
                            Jan 16     Jan 15     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ...................   390.3      392.7     +27.2
 Britain ................   751.6      749.9     +17.6
 Canada .................   413.2      412.1     +12.7
 Japan ..................   934.6      936.4     - 6.0
 France .................   525.7      529.0     +24.0

 Hong Kong ..............  3203.4     3182.1     +47.4
 Switzerland ............   217.1      218.3     +28.6
 Australia ..............   354.9      355.9     +32.6
 World index ............   521.5      522.4     +13.0