OTC Focus:
   Composite Index Falls 0.11% to 617.94
   In Lightest Trading Session of the Year
   ----
   By Anne Newman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Gains in some of the over-the-counter market's biggest
shares stemmed losses elsewhere as Microsoft jumped 3 1/4 to
124 1/4; Apple Computer climbed 1/4 to 63 3/8; Intel rose 1
3/8 to 65 3/8; Novell gained 3/4 to 59 1/2; Costco Wholesale
climbed 1 1/8 to 37 7/8; Nordstrom rose 1 to 41; and St. Jude
Medical rose 3/8 to 47 3/8.
   Over-the-counter volume braked to 140.8 million shares
from 165.6 million Friday and was the lowest since 133.3
million shares changed hands on Dec. 26. "You could go to
sleep here," said Robert O'Toole, senior over-the-counter
trader for Shearson Lehman Brothers. Investors were anxious
both about the sharp drop in Japanese stocks and the rising
yield on long-term U.S. Treasury bonds, which some investors
may begin to find more attractive than stocks, he said. "Any
hint of an uptick in interest rates and people get nervous,"
he said.
   Despite the growing appeal of long-term bonds, however,
PaineWebber Inc. analyst Mary Farrell says she thinks stocks
will remain attractive to investors unhappy with meager
yields on certificates of deposit and other short-term
fixed-income investments. "(Low) short-term rates will remain
a driving force for the stock market," she said. Ms. Farrell
also was unfazed by swooning Japanese stocks. Although the
economies of Germany and Japan may be slowing, the
fast-growing economies of Mexico and Latin American remain
attractive investment opportunities, she said.
   PaineWebber continues to urge clients to buy the shares of
fast-growing companies, many of them smaller or medium-sized,
she added. "The 1990s will be a return to the 1950s," she
said, with inflation and interest rates returning to low
levels and with 10% considered a "normal" return for stocks.
"In that kind of environment, growth stocks are where you
want to be."
   Growth-stock investors, however, can be impatient, she
added, noting the tumble in Spartan Motors since that company
reported earnings slightly below some expectations --
although profit more than doubled. "You can't afford to have
any disappointments at all," she said. After trading as low
as 21 1/4 yesterday, Spartan eased 3/4 to 23 1/2 on nearly
1.3 million shares, more than six times average volume.
Shares of the Charlotte, Mich., maker of truck chassis have
fallen more than 29% since the company reported earnings on
Wednesday. A spokesman said yesterday that the company had no
news or explanation for yesterday's activity.
   Tele-Communications Class A shares were the most active
over-the-counter issue, easing 1/4 to 16 3/8 on 2.3 million
shares. Among other active issues, MCI Communications added
1/8 to 32 7/8.
   MCI had traded as high as 33 3/8. Late Friday, the company
disclosed that it received a $558 million contract from the
Federal Aviation Administration to provide communication
services to be used in air traffic control operations. Sprint
has called for a review of the contract award.
   WPP Group's American depositary receipts slumped 5/8 to 2
7/8 after the British advertising and marketing concern
reported that its 1991 pretax profit fell 39%, on a 4.7% drop
in revenue. The company said it may have to seek revisions in
some debt covenants.
   Good Guys lost 3 3/4 to 18 3/4. The San Francisco consumer
electronics retailer's shares were removed from a Goldman
Sachs  Co. recommended list, Dow Jones Professional Investor
Report said.
   Circuit Systems jumped 1 1/16 to 4 1/8 after the company
reported net income of 12 cents a share for its fiscal third
quarter ended Jan. 31, up from per-share net of two cents a
year earlier. Sales at the Elk Grove Village, Ill., company
rose 58% to $13.5 million from $8.5 million.
   Synergen fell 1 1/8 to 49 after Soundview Financial
analyst Larry Bloom lowered his short-term investment opinion
on the biotechnology company to "sell" from "hold." Calling
Synergen's stock pricey, Mr. Bloom is concerned that the
Boulder, Colo., company won't be able to complete until next
year final studies of its lead product, Antril, and also may
face stiff competition from Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in the
development of another product, a Soundview spokesman said.
Synergen, however, said later in the day that it expects to
complete final clinical studies of Antril by the end of the
year. Regeneron fell 1 to 15.
   Birtcher Medical eased 1 1/4 to 15 1/2 after the company
disclosed that it was sued by Valleylab of Boulder, Colo.
Valleylab, a unit of Pfizer, alleges that a Birtcher device,
which is used to control bleeding in certain surgeries,
infringes on one of its patents.
   Chiron eased 1/4 to 50 1/4. The company posted a
fourth-quarter loss of $440.1 million, or $20.24 a share,
after taking a $426 million charge related to its acquisition
of Cetus. Separately, Chiron formed a new company with a
group of venture capital investors to research cancer
therapeutics.