Duriron, Noting Rise
   In Orders, Expects
   Higher Profit in 1992
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
In an interview, Mr. Haddick said first-quarter profit may
fall below the unusually strong 42 cents a share of a year
ago, which was the best earnings period in 1991. The company
entered 1992 with a backlog of $54.8 million, down from $68.9
million a year earlier, which makes results for the current
quarter heavily dependent on current order rates.
   For the full year, however, Mr. Haddick said he is
comfortable with analyst earnings estimates of $1.60 to $1.70
a share. That would be an increase from the $19.6 million, or
$1.55 a share, earned in 1991, when sales were $296.5
million.
   "We think we see light at the end of the tunnel," Mr.
Haddick said. "Orders so far this year have shown some
improvement, and there's a lot of activity" from customers
seeking price quotations and detailed product specifications.
   In fact, Duriron's tunnel wasn't particularly long nor
dark. Earnings last year were down only 6.3% from the record
$1.67 a share of 1990, and sales were almost flat with the
1990 high. However, incoming orders in 1991 declined 5.3%,
causing the lower backlog at the start of 1992.
   Duriron produces corrosion-resistant valves, pumps and
filters for chemical process industries. Chemical companies
account for about half of sales. Petroleum refining,
pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, and pulp and paper
account for most of the remainder.