International:
   Matsushita Reports
   Profit Fell Sharply
   In Latest Quarter
   ----
   By Jacob M. Schlesinger
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Separately, Hitachi Ltd. said it was further cutting its
forecast for the year ending March 31. It said pretax profit
would fall 37% from a year ago, compared with the earlier
projection of an 18% drop.
   Matsushita blamed the same factors as its competitors, an
unexpectedly weak world-wide economy and the sharp rise in
the yen. Still, the Osaka company doesn't seem to be faring
as badly as Sony Corp., which forecast an operating loss this
fiscal year, or Victor Co. of Japan, known as JVC, which
forecast a pretax loss.
   "Matsushita is a solid, steady performer," said Barry
Dargan, an electronics analyst for James Capel. "So during
the troughs they ought to out-earn a company like Sony,"
which had much faster growth in the past three years.
   Matsushita indicated little hope of an improvement next
year. The company wouldn't make a profit forecast for the
year ending March 31, 1993, but said sales would be flat
compared with this year. The company also said it will spend
less on capital equipment and research and development, but
didn't specify amounts.
   In addition to economic factors, Matsushita said its
earnings were reduced by the expected costs from its
acquisition of MCA Inc., the U.S. entertainment company.
   Matsushita's consolidated pretax profit for the quarter
ended Dec. 31 was 125.2 billion yen ($970 million), down 32%
from 183.7 billion yen a year ago. Group net income was 52.4
billion yen, down 38% from 84.2 billion yen. Sales were 2
trillion yen, up 12% from 1.78 trillion.
   For the nine months to Dec. 31, Matsushita said
consolidated pretax profit fell 30% to 322.7 billion yen from
the year-earlier period's 463.8 billion yen on a 13% sales
gain.