FEI Supports Bill
   To Force Auditors
   To Report Fraud
If passed, the bill would require outside auditors to
report financial fraud to regulators if their client
companies failed to do so quickly.
   This shift in support by FEI could persuade several key
congressmen to favor the bill this year, say some accountants
and executives. Similar provisions attached to an omnibus
banking bill failed to pass last year.
   "FEI shares your concern that there is a need to detect
and to minimize the effects of financial fraud and related
illegal acts," said P. Norman Roy, FEI's president, in a
letter sent to Rep. Wyden earlier this month. "FEI believes
that good controls are good business," he added.
   In Washington, Rep. Wyden said he plans to introduce the
bill, which he said would be co-sponsored by Rep. John
Dingell (D., Mich.) and Rep. Edward Markey (D., Mass.), later
this month. "I'm glad that financial executives now recognize
that investors and the public must be protected from further
financial abuses which have exacted a big toll on our
economy," Rep. Wyden added.
   The proposed bill drops a previous section that directed
the Securities and Exchange Commission to study whether
reports on internal controls by management and outside
auditors should be required. FEI strongly opposes such
reports.
   While FEI supports the latest version of the bill, the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants continues
to oppose a major part of it that would permit the SEC to
prescribe auditing standards to detect financial fraud.
   "We believe such standards should continue to be left in
the private sector," said B.Z. Lee, deputy chairman of the
institute, a unit of which has long set auditing standards.
   Rep. Wyden said he doesn't intend to change the section
opposed by the institute. "Congress cannot continue to let
the accounting profession regulate itself in the wake of
recent scandals at financial institutions," he said.