Steel Companies
   In Japan Trim
   Profit Forecasts
   ---
   Pretax Earnings Estimates
   Are Lowered as Concerns
   Cite Cuts in Production
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Steel demand fell from all industries except civil
engineering and shipbuilding, according to a spokesman at
Kawasaki. Declines in demand from construction, car, consumer
electronic and heavy electric machinery industries were
keenest, he said.
   The steelmakers said they expect inventory adjustments to
continue at the current pace at least through the April-June
quarter, but amid uncertainty about the economy's recovery,
they were wary of offering longer-term predictions.
   Although growth in diversified sectors such as engineering
covered shrunken revenues from steelmaking operations,
profitability was still burdened by increased costs,
particularly for labor and distribution, the companies said.
   Nippon Steel, Japan's largest steelmaker, said it now sees
unconsolidated pretax profit dropping 38% in the year ending
March 31 to 100 billion yen from 160.92 billion yen. The
forecast is down 9.1% from 110 billion yen previously
projected.
   The pretax profit represents operating profit plus
nonoperating profit including financial income and expenses.
The net income represents pretax profit plus extraordinary
gains or losses and payments of taxes.
   With about 30% of the domestic crude steel market share,
Nippon Steel is looking for sales to increase 0.8% on year to
2.63 trillion yen from 2.608 trillion yen a year earlier.
That marks an upward revision of 1.2% from the prior forecast
of 2.6 trillion yen, owing to the improving performance of
its engineering division.
   Net is forecast at 80 billion yen, up 19% from 67.06
billion yen a year earlier and 38% higher than an original
forecast of 58 billion yen. The company plans to post
extraordinary profits from the sale of fixed assets, along
with extraordinary losses from capital rationalization and
the introduction of a corporate pension fund. All major
steelmakers last April introduced these corporate pension
funds.
   Nippon Steel plans to maintain its dividend plans of six
yen a share for the full fiscal year.
   Unconsolidated results are those of the parent alone.
Consolidated results include those of subsidiaries. The
steelmakers said they haven't yet calculated consolidated
earnings data.
   Sumitomo Metal cut its unconsolidated pretax profit to now
project a 44% decline to 41 billion yen from 73.6 billion
yen. The revision is 8.9% lower than 45 billion yen seen in
the original forecast.
   Sales are expected to inch up 0.3% to 1.16 trillion yen
from 1.157 trillion yen, marking a 0.9% downward revision
from the prior call for 1.17 trillion yen.
   Net will likely plummet 54% to 22 billion yen from 47.63
billion yen. The projection is 8.3% lower than an earlier
forecast of 24 billion yen. Plans for dividend of six yen a
share for the year are seen unchanged.
   Kobe Steel, the only one among the Big Five to post a
pretax profit increase in fiscal 1990, will mark a decline
this fiscal year as its machinery sector's steady growth
wasn't able to absorb a sharp sales fall in the steel
division.
   Kobe sees pretax profit at 50 billion yen, down 12% from
56.53 billion yen a year earlier, and 14% lower than a prior
forecast of 58 billion yen.
   Sales for Kobe are pegged to decline 3.1% on year to 1.28
trillion yen from 1.321 trillion yen. The company had
previously projected sales at 1.325 trillion yen.
   Kobe's net is now seen rising 28% to 30 billion yen from
23.38 billion yen. But the forecast marks a 12% decline from
the previous call for 34 billion yen. The dividend is seen
unchanged at plans for six yen per share for the full fiscal
year.
   Major integrated steelmaker Kawasaki Steel revealed
expectations for parent company pretax profit to slide 47% to
43 billion yen from 80.53 billion yen. The forecast is down
14% from the 50 billion yen previously seen.
   Sales, however, are likely to rise 0.4% to 1.19 trillion
yen from 1.185 trillion yen. The revision is 0.8% lower than
an earlier call for 1.2 trillion yen.
   Net is seen dropping 32% on year to 26 billion yen from
38.11 billion yen. That represents a 7.1% drop from the prior
forecast of 28 billion yen.
   The company expects to maintain its six yen-a-share
dividend for the full year.
   NKK said parent company pretax profit is expected to be 37
billion yen, down 27% from 50.37 billion yen in fiscal 1990
and 12% lower than an originally forecast 42 billion yen.
   Sales are anticipated to decline 0.5% to 1.32 trillion yen
from 1.327 trillion yen. The new outlook is 2.2% lower than
the 1.35 trillion yen the company had expected before.
   But net is projected to jump 54% to 36 billion yen from
23.32 billion yen, due to the sale of land assets that had
been planned in the past. The prior forecast had been for net
profit to rise to 38 billion yen, so the revision is a 5.3%
reduction.