U S West Unit Plans
   To Merge With Unit
   Of Cable  Wireless
Cable  Wireless said the restructuring is expected to
save $300 million in capital costs and operating outlays in
the next year. It added, however, that it will report a
charge of about $86.4 million against results for the year
ending March 31. Investors reacted negatively to Cable 
Wireless's announcement; the company's American depositary
receipts fell $1.875 to close at $29 in New York Stock
Exchange trading.
   Unitel, the U S West venture, and Mercury Personal
Communications, a Cable  Wireless unit, will merge, and each
company will own 50% of the wireless-phone venture, which
will use the Mercury Personal Communications name. The
companies plan to jointly build and operate a mobile
telephone system that uses smaller, lower-power handsets than
traditional cellular systems. They have been working to build
a common network since mid-1991.
   Richard Callahan, president of U S West International, a
unit of the regional Bell company, and chairman of Unitel,
said the new arrangement puts the personal communications
network "on very solid footing allowing us to accelerate
delivery of service to U.K. customers." Mr. Callahan said the
company views the low-power mobile phone systems "as a
platform for development of future mobile and fixed
telecommunications services."