New York Unveils
   Sale Plan for Part
   Of First Executive
   ----
   By Susan Pulliam
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Salvatore R. Curiale, state superintendent of insurance,
said at a news conference that the plan will eventually
return to life-insurance policyholders and annuity holders
100 cents on each dollar, pending court approval. Court
approval could take between six and nine months, however.
   The proposal affects about 100,000 contract-holders,
contrasts starkly to the one unveiled several months ago for
California policyholders, and represents one of the first
times policyholders of a large failed life insurance concern
have received 100% of their money back after a regulatory
takeover without the aid of the industry's guaranty funds.
   By comparison, policyholders of the California company
will receive a maximum of 89 cents on the dollar from the
buyers of the business. With the help of the guaranty funds,
however, they would receive all their money back after five
years. Mr. Curiale said the New York plan will allow life
insurance policyholders and annuity-holders to "feel
confident that they have access to their funds, that they are
with an excellent company and that they have security."
   Life-insurance policy and annuity holders will be offered
contracts similar to their Executive Life Insurance contracts
from Metropolitan, carrying market interest rates. The plan
will allow them to withdraw their money from the Metropolitan
contract in the first year for a surrender fee of 7%.
Policyholders can withdraw as much as 10% of their policies
in the first year with no fee.
   For Metropolitan, the nation's second largest life
insurer, the transaction involves little risk, since its
purchase of the annuity and life-insurance business will not
involve buying any of Executive Life's junk-bond portfolio.