Allied-Signal's
   Profit Forecast
   Tops Analysts'
   ----
   By Amal Kumar Naj
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The automotive, aerospace and engineered materials company
said that as result of scattered recovery in its businesses
and the impact of a restructuring it will earn about 85 cents
a share in the quarter. In the year-ago period, when the
recession was hurting all its core businesses, the Morris
Township, N.J., company earned $63 million, or 47 cents a
share.
   Allied-Signal's estimate is about 15 to 20 cents a share
higher than analysts have been predicting for the quarter.
   It was the second bit of encouraging news from
Allied-Signal since Mr. Bossidy took over as chief executive
officer last July in a controversial change at the top. In
January, Allied-Signal reported its fourth-quarter earnings
were up about 8% from 1990's final period despite the weak
economy.
   As a result of the new forecast, "I feel more confident
about the company's ability to deliver on its promises," said
Eli S. Lustgarten, an analyst who follows the company at
PaineWebber Inc., who had expected it to post 65 to 75 cents
a share in the first quarter.
   Last October, Allied-Signal cut its dividend, took an $880
million charge against third-quarter earnings and announced
plans to cut management layers and consolidate manufacturing
operations. The gains in the fourth quarter of last year
resulted from a speed-up of the cost-cutting and streamlining
programs.
   Mr. Bossidy said the latest improvement was partly due to
"the acceleration and expansion" of the restructuring program
and partly to some fundamental business recovery. He said
sales of synthetic fibers for home furnishings, brakes and
safety restraints for light trucks were stronger than
anticipated, as were sales in the automotive aftermarket.
   He warned, however, that it was too early to predict
whether the first-quarter results "indicate a trend that will
result in full-year earnings that exceed previous
expectations." The company earlier estimated that its
earnings for 1992 would be $3.60 to $3.85 a share.
   Some analysts, such as Mr. Lustgarten, buoyed by the
latest news, chose the upper range as their 1992 estimate.
"We had expected the company to earn $3.70 in 1992, but we
officially went up to $3.85 because of the first-quarter
results," said Mr. Lustgarten. In 1991, the company had a
loss of $273 million, which included the third-quarter
charge. Without the one-time charge and a one-time gain from
the sale of oil and gas properties, the company would have
posted a profit of $342 million, or $2.51 a share.
   In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock
Exchange, the stock closed at $52.375, up $3.
   In the proxy statement, the company said Mr. Hennessy
received at termination of his employment $2,350,000 in lieu
of salary, bonus and certain other benefits to which he would
have become entitled after 1991 had he been employed by the
company until age 65.
   Mr. Hennessy, who was 63 when he had to relinquish his
title of chief executive officer to Mr. Bossidy, also
received a lumpsum payment of $10,272,323 representing the
present value of his retirement benefit. Mr. Hennessy's
termination agreement, however, provides him with a lifetime
use of an office at Allied-Signal headquarters and local
transportation, among other benefits.
   Under a five-year employment contract, Mr. Bossidy is
entitled to a salary of at least $1 million a year and an
incentive compensation of at least $800,000 for 1992.
According to GE's 1992 proxy statement, Mr. Bossidy was paid
$989,992 in cash compensation for the first six months in
1991 before he left for Allied-Signal. That year John F.
Welch Jr., chairman of GE, earned $3,206,982 in cash
compensation.
   For his loss of income at GE, where Mr. Bossidy was
employed for 34 years, he received 345,798 "restricted units"
that are convertible into cash or Allied-Signal stock. These
units mature starting this year and extend through the year
2000. In addition, he received 250,000 long-term options as
an incentive to join Allied-Signal. These options become
exercisable in 1994 through 1996.