Marketing  Media:
   Time Warner Had
   4th-Quarter Profit,
   First Since Merger
   ----
   By Kevin Goldman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The media and entertainment company posted record
performances in four of its five divisions in the fourth
quarter: film, entertainment, music, cable-television systems
and pay television. Only its publishing unit, including
magazines and books, posted lower earnings.
   Wall Street analysts said Time Warner's fourth-quarter
results were in line with expectations. The company's shares
closed at $93.125, off 37.50 cents, in composite trading
yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
   Time Warner posted net of $45 million before dividends,
compared with a loss of $34 million a year ago. After paying
preferred dividends of $69 million in cash plus $83 million
in pay-in-kind preferred stock, the company's loss was $107
million or $1.16 a share for the quarter, significantly
narrower than a per-share loss of $3.08 a year earlier.
Revenue rose 3% to $3.39 billion from $3.29 billion.
   Interest payments fell 24% in the quarter to $235 million,
helped by lower interest rates and a reduced debt load. Time
Warner's debt totals $8.7 billion.
   Operating profit before depreciation and amortization rose
29% to $90 million in Time Warner's film unit, boosted by
"JFK" and "The Last Boy Scout." Profit rose 9.1% in music to
$191 million on strong international results. In cable
systems, earnings rose 10.3% to $225 million. At HBO, profit
was up a slim 2.2% to $47 million despite a slight drop in
the number of subscribers.
   Despite the company's cautious outlook for music and
publishing, Jessica Reif, an analyst with Oppenheimer  Co.,
said she expects Time Warner's overall operating cash flow to
increase about 13% this year.
   For all of 1991, the company had a net loss of $99 million
before dividends, sharply narrower than a $227 million loss
for all of 1990; after preferred payments the 1991 loss
totaled $692 million, or $9.60 a share, compared with an
after-dividend loss of $786 million, or $13.67 a share, in
1990. Revenue for 1991 rose 4.3% to $12.02 billion.