Securities Offering Calendar
$20.4 billion in three- and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                         CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Cellular Communications Inc. -- $100 million of zero
coupon convertible subordinated notes, via Salomon Brothers
Inc.
   Chemed Corp. -- 1.3 million common shares, via First
Boston Corp.
   Farrel Corp. -- initial two million common shares, via
PaineWebber Inc.
   Global Health Sciences Fund -- initial four million
beneficial interest common shares, via PaineWebber.
   Granite Broadcasting Corp. -- 2,750,000 shares, via Alex.
Brown  Sons Inc.
   International Paper Corp. -- eight million common shares,
via First Boston.
   Michaels Stores Inc. -- three million common shares, via
First Boston.
   USX Marathon Group -- 20 million common shares, via Lehman
Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   Durham County, N.C. -- $98,175,000 of various general
obligation bonds, including $84,105,000 of public improvement
bonds, 1992 Series, and $14,070,000 of waste and sewer bonds,
1992 Series, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Thursday
                                                                                                       

   Norfolk, Va. -- $140,665,000 of general obligation capital
improvement and refunding bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Albuquerque, N.M. -- $58.5 million of water and sewer
revenue bonds, with capital appreciation bonds, via a Smith
Barney, Harris  Upham  Co. group.
   California Dept. of Water Resources -- $620 million of
water system revenue bonds, Central Valley Project, Series J,
via a Dillon Read  Co. group.
   Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority -- $117.6
milion of sales tax revenue bonds, Series N, via a Goldman,
Sachs  Co. group.
   North Carolina Medical Care Commission -- $89 million of
hospital revenue bonds, (North Carolina Baptist Hospital
issue), 1992 Series A, via a PaineWebber group.
   Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority --
$72,540,000 of housing revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a
First Boston group.