PEOPLE PATTERNS
   ----
   By Diane Crispell of American Demographics Magazine
INCOME and spending both peak in middle age, and spending
patterns change from young adulthood.
   In 1990, the average household headed by people ages 45 to
54 had pre-tax income of $43,451 and spent $36,996, according
to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
   Households headed by people 35 to 44 ranked second in both
categories, with average income of $41,208 and spending of
$35,579, followed by the 55-to-64 age group, which had income
of $35,309 and spent an average of $29,244.
   In contrast, households headed by people ages 25 to 34 had
average income of $32,325 and spent $28,107. Households
headed by those 65 or older had income of $18,842 and
spending of $18,546.
   Middle-aged households spend more than others on nearly
everything except health care. People in the 45-to-54 group
are likely to have grown children, some in college and others
living and working at home. This age group spends more than
any other on food away from home, transportation,
entertainment and education. They are also at that stage of
life when they are looking out for others as well as
themselves, and spend the most on both cash contributions to
charities and personal insurance and pensions.
   People in the 55-to-64 age range spend less in most
categories than those 45 to 54, with health care being one
notable exception.
   People in the 35-to-44 group are likely to have school-age
children at home and outspend all other households on food at
home, housing and clothing. They also spend more than others
on alcohol.
                                                                                                       

   Urban Areas' Growth
   Picks Up Speed
                                                                                                       

   URBANIZATION accelerated in the '80s after nearly halting
in the '70s.
   The proportion of the U.S. population living in urban
areas rose 1.5 percentage points in the '80s to 75.2%,
according to the 1990 census. The 1980 census had found the
share of the country's population in urban areas increased
just one-tenth of a percent from 1970, the smallest rise
ever.
   The wide-open spaces of the rural U.S., as defined by the
Census Bureau, have an average of 18 people per square mile,
compared with 2,141 people per square mile in urban areas.
   New York has the densest urban population of any state,
with 4,479 people per square mile in its urban areas,
according to the 1990 census. But New York isn't the most
urban state: 93% of California's population lives in urban
areas, vs. 84% of New York's.
   For solitude, head to the Rockies. The eight mountain
states have an average of three people per square mile in
their rural areas. Even so, 80% of their populations cluster
in urban areas, especially in the desert states of Arizona,
Nevada and Utah. Urban density in this region is lower than
average, at 1,641 people per square mile.
   The most crowded rural areas are in southern New England.
Connecticut's countryside has 191 people per square mile,
followed by 188 in Rhode Island and 167 in Massachusetts.
   Vermont has the highest proportion of rural population,
with 68% of its people living outside urban areas. The
density of these rural residents is 42 people per square
mile. Alaska, on the other hand, has just 33% of its
population living outside urban areas. Rural Alaska has just
0.3 people per square mile.
                                                                                                       

   AIDS, Murder Spur Rise
   In Young-Adult Deaths
                                                                                                       

   DEATH RATES for older people have declined, but those of
young adults have risen, mostly because of AIDS and murder.
   Death rates for people 65 or older fell nearly 3% in 1989,
the latest year for which the National Center for Health
Statistics has detailed figures.
   At the same time, death rates rose 2% from a year earlier
for people ages 25 to 34, and climbed 1% for those ages 35 to
44. Death rates eased in the 15-to-24 group, for which
accidents are by far the leading cause of death.
   Because older people account for a large share of total
deaths, the decline in their death rates meant the number of
deaths in the U.S. fell 0.8%, despite a growing and aging
population, to 2,150,466 in 1989. Among the 65-and-over
population, there were 4,963 deaths per 100,000 people in
1989, compared with just 176 deaths per 100,000 people ages
25 to 44.
   Death rates in 1989 fell for 10 of the 15 leading causes
of death, many of them associated with old age. Declines were
greatest for atherosclerosis, blood poisoning and kidney
disease. Heart disease and stroke, the first and third most
common causes of death, continued long-term declines.
   But death rates for AIDS and homicides rose in 1989. AIDS
became the 11th leading cause of death in the U.S., up from
15th in 1988, and three out of four people who die of AIDS
are in the 25-to-44 age group.
                                                                                                       

   Odds and Ends
                                                                                                       

   PEOPLE seem to have "fragile memories about the sizes of
food portions," says Albert F. Smith of the State University
of New York at Binghamton. A series of experiments on dietary
recall also finds that, when asked what they have eaten
during a designated period, people tend to report foods they
routinely consume rather than those they specifically
remember eating. . . . A survey conducted for Outside
magazine by Yankelovich Clancy Shulman finds that top
vacation picks of "outside enthusiasts" in the 1990s will be
the Caribbean, Canada, the western U.S. and Hawaii. It
defines outside enthusiasts as people who engage in two or
more outdoor activities, including running, swimming, skiing,
bicycling, and hiking.