U.S. Trade Deficit
   Shrank $1.35 Billion
   During 4th Quarter
The figure had been a surplus during the first two
quarters of 1991, the result of contributions from allies to
cover the cost of the Persian Gulf War.
   Service transactions remained at a surplus in the fourth
quarter, but the U.S. advantage in such trade decreased from
$10.25 billion to $9.58 billion. The merchandise trade
deficit finished the fourth quarter at $18.66 billion,
compared with a $20.85 billion gap in the third quarter,
reflecting relatively strong exports in the final three
months.
   The year-end figures show the current-account deficit was
$8.6 billion for all of 1991, compared with $92.1 billion for
1990. Contributions from the anti-Iraq coalition's partners
accounted for nearly half of the decline.
   The report also showed a continuing slowdown in the amount
of foreign direct investment in the U.S. Such new investment
amounted to only $22.2 billion last year, compared with $37.2
billion in 1990 and $70.6 billion in 1989.
   Ned Bandler, president of the Organization for
International Investment, ascribed the trend to the U.S.
economic recession, which has squeezed corporate earnings and
turned the attention of many foreign investors elsewhere.
   Japanese investments dropped to $4.3 billion in 1991 from
their 1986-1990 annual average of $17.3 billion. Mr. Bandler
said Japanese investors are still reeling from a prolonged
slump in Tokyo stock prices and the poor returns on some of
their U.S. assets.
   By contrast, U.S. direct investments overseas amounted to
$29.5 billion last year, exceeding new foreign investment in
the U.S. for the first time since 1980. The rising U.S.
investment abroad reflects increasing activity by U.S.
multinational firms in several overseas markets.