International:
   Gillette Faces Queries
   From EC Over Stake
   In Wilkinson Sword
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
The commission can ultimately order the unscrambling of a
deal or other concessions to safeguard against market
domination. But the spokesman said the steps taken so far
don't rule out the possibility of a compromise.
   In Boston, Gillette said it isn't aware of any specific
decision by the commission regarding its stake in Wilkinson's
EC-wide business and that "we don't expect to hear {anything}
for some months." Gillette added that it is in discussions on
the issue with Germany and France and that it has appealed a
decision by Britain last year calling for it to undo the
effect of the investment in the British market.
   Gillette is one of a group of buyers of the multinational
businesses of Wilkinson, a complex set of deals valued at
$630 million. Gillette is arguing that its 22.9% stake in the
group that bought Wilkinson's EC business doesn't reduce
competition because the stake is nonvoting and thus can't be
used to influence operations.
   Gillette noted that whatever the EC's final decision, it
won't affect the company's purchase of the Wilkinson Sword
business outside the EC and the U.S., because it bought
outright the Wilkinson business in Australia, Japan, Brazil
and other countries. Gillette agreed not to buy the Wilkinson
Sword business in the U.S. after antitrust objections were
raised.