International:
   U.K. Judge Orders
   That BCCI S.A.
   Be Liquidated
   ----
   By Nicholas Bray
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In what he described as the latest step in the "sorry
saga" of BCCI, Sir Donald ruled in London that the bank was
"plainly and hopelessly insolvent."
   Talks are continuing between BCCI's liquidators and its
Abu Dhabi shareholders aimed at improving the payout to
creditors by avoiding an avalanche of claims and
counterclaims affecting different segments of BCCI's
tentacular empire.
   Accounting firm Touche Ross  Co., BCCI's liquidator, has
said total payments under the plan could reach between 30%
and 40% of expected claims, or between $3 billion and $4
billion. It is hoped that an arrangement can be completed by
the end of this month, Sir Donald said.
   BCCI S.A., based in Luxembourg, was put into liquidation
by a Luxembourg court on Jan. 3.
   BCCI S.A. and BCCI (Overseas) Ltd., a sister company also
about to be liquidated, are both owned by BCCI Holdings
(Luxembourg) S.A., which in turn is 77% owned by Sheikh Zayed
of Abu Dhabi and his government. BCCI Holdings is at present
under the control of a court-appointed administrator, Touche
Ross partner Brian Smouha.
   The English High Court ruling on BCCI S.A. was needed to
pave the way for sterling depositors of the bank to recover
75% of their deposits, up to a maximum refund of #15,000
($27,000), under Britain's banking industry
deposit-protection scheme.
   Under an interim arrangement financed by BCCI's Abu Dhabi
shareholders, about 8,700 depositors have already received
payments amounting to #19.9 million. But applications under
that scheme were fewer than expected, and it didn't cover the
full amount of reimbursements payable. In total, around
33,000 depositors, many of them members of Britain's Asian
community, are thought to be eligible to benefit.