Credit Markets:
   Bond Yields Climb to Highest Levels Since Dec. 18
   On Poor Response to U.S. Five-Year Note Auction
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell and Matt Rees
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The Treasury sold $9.27 billion of five-year notes
yesterday at an average yield of 6.28%. That yield was up
from an average yield of 6.24% at the previous five-year note
auction Dec. 19. But even with the higher yield traders said
they weren't able to sell the securities to investors and
were forced to slash prices, which boosted the yield
substantially. Late in the day, the yield on the five-year
notes was quoted at 6.37%.
   "The Street was forced to underwrite the issue a lot
closer to the highs of the day than it would have liked,"
says Russell Abbott, a director in government bond trading at
First Boston Corp.
   James Somers, president of Somers Asset Management,
Radnor, Pa., said that there was little demand for the new
securities from fund managers nor from investors and
arbitragers. And that, he said, "was a big surprise.
Everybody was saying that there was a good bid," for the
securities. "But it turned out that the bid was much smaller
than expected."
   One measure of demand, the so-called bid to cover ratio,
also showed the auction was weak. The ratio, which measures
the number of bids received for each bid accepted, totaled
2.21-to-1. That was down sharply from the previous five-year
note auction in December when the bid-to-cover was 3.64-to-1.
   Prior to the auction, bond prices already were moderately
lower due mostly to selling by dealers related to the heavy
influx of new corporate bonds in recent days. Frequently,
securities firms seek to reduce their risk in underwriting
corporate bonds by selling Treasury securities.
   But after the auction results were released "the bond
market just rolled over and died," said William Sullivan,
director of money market research at Dean Witter Reynolds
Inc. He said the auction results "raised the specter that
people are pulling away from the Treasury market." That fear
caused some institutional investors to rush to sell bonds in
an effort to protect the profits they have realized so far
this year. The selling pressure accelerated, said Mr.
Sullivan, as prices in the futures market broke through some
key support levels.
   "The market is so treacherous, it's just murder," said Mr.
Somers, who says many traders have been battered in the bond
market rout, which has continued for about three weeks.
   The lack of demand for the Treasury's five-year notes was
especially worrying, market analysts and dealers say, because
there has been a large supply of new debt recently and
issuance is expected to remain heavy in both the Treasury and
corporate bond markets.
   Those worries outweighed several economic reports viewed
as potentially bullish from a bond investor's perspective.
For example, The Labor Department reported that initial
claims for state unemployment insurance rose 47,000 in the
week ended Jan. 11. Also, it was reported that for autos
manufactured in the U.S. during the Jan. 11 to Jan. 20
period, the seasonally adjusted annualized sales rate was 5.8
million units.
   That's what market participants had generally expected,
and it was higher than the 5.3 million unit rate of early
January. But, says David Garrity, an automotive analyst at
Nomura Research Institute, sales "still look pretty dismal."
   Mr. Garrity and other analysts believe the weak auto sales
suggest that Tuesday's consumer confidence data from the
Conference Board research organization will show another
decline.
   Treasury prices dipped a little further in late trading,
after the release of stronger-than-expected money supply data
at 4.30 p.m. EST. A rise in the money supply is viewed as a
sign of a pickup in economic growth. The money supply measure
known as M2, which is the one most closely watched by Federal
Reserve policy makers, rose $14.7 billion in the latest week,
compared with expectations for a rise of $6.4 billion.
   M3 was up $37.3 billion, significantly higher than the
average forecast of a $14.7 billion gain. M1 rose $11.2
billion, compared with a $3.2 billion consensus forecast.
   In recent weeks, money supply has dropped, as investors
shifted funds out of money market accounts into bond funds
and stocks, which aren't included in the monetary aggregates.
However, says Robert Giordano, director of economic research
at Goldman, Sachs  Co., the data "reflect technical
fluctuations rather than anything fundamental."
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended sharply lower. The benchmark 30-year bond
ended at a price of 103 4/32, down sharply from 104 8/32 on
Wednesday. The yield on the benchmark bond rose to 7.72% from
7.625% on Wednesday. Ten-year notes also declined sharply to
a price of 101 26/32 to yield 7.22% compared with 102 24/32
to yield 7.09%.
   In when-issued trading, the yield on the two-year notes
auctioned on Wednesday rose to 5.09% from an average auction
yield of 4.99%.
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it.
                                                                                                       

                      Five-Year Notes
                                                                                                       

 Applications                           $20,513,636,000
 Accepted bids                           $9,270,880,000
 Accepted at low price                              73%
 Accepted noncompetitively                 $768,000,000
 Average price (Rate)                    99.873 (6.28%)
 High price (Rate)                       99.958 (6.26%)
 Low price (Rate)                        99.831 (6.29%)
 Interest rate                                   6 1/4%
 CUSIP number                                 912827D90
                                                                                                       

   The notes are dated Jan. 31, 1992 and mature Jan. 31,
1997.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Prices of investment-grade corporate bonds slumped, on
average registering losses of 5/8 point, while prices of junk
bonds, or speculative-grade bonds with low credit ratings or
no credit ratings at all, were generally little changed.
   However, junk bonds of Unisys Corp. jumped on news that
the computer concern had sharply higher earnings in the
fourth quarter.
   Unisys' credit-sensitive notes leapt five points to end at
90. The notes are so called because the coupon on the
securities rises or falls in case of a change in the
company's credit standing. Another Unisys bond, the 10.75%
debentures due in 1995, gained four points to finish at 86.
   In the fourth quarter, Unisys had profit of $80.5 million,
or 31 cents a share, in contrast to a year-earlier loss of
$88.5 million, or 74 cents a share.
   The turnaround was welcome news to Unisys bondholders.
Since late 1990, Unisys bonds have been hit hard as the
downturn in the economy has contributed to difficulties at
the company.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Prices of municipal bonds ended about 3/8 to 1/2 point
lower, dragged down again by weak Treasurys.
   Among seasoned issues, the Houston, Texas, Water and Sewer
System's 6.375% securities due in 2017 closed 1/2 lower at 98
to yield 6.51%.
   Among the issues priced in yesterday's light
primary-market activity was Maricopa County, Arizona's $68.5
million of refunding bonds. A Prudential Securities Inc.
group won those bonds in competitive bidding and set the
yields at 2.75% in 1992 to 5.70% in 2003. The issue has been
rated double-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
double-A by Standard  Poor's Corp.
   The pace of new issuance has slowed substantially since
early December largely because of seasonal factors, says a
New York underwriting manager.
   Although interest rates are still at very low levels that
are attractive to issuers, it will probably take another few
weeks for sales of new issues to pick up, he says.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage-backed securities ended lower, with the
market's focus on heavy new issuance in the asset-backed
sector.
   The biggest new issue of the day came in the form of a
$1.851 billion issue of General Motors Acceptance Corp.
asset-backed certificates, which was offered by Salomon
Brothers Inc.
   The issue, GMAC 1992-A Grantor Trust Class A asset-backed
certificates, was backed by retail installment sales
contracts on autos and light trucks sold by GMAC Auto
Receivables Corp. and serviced by General Motors Acceptance
Corp., a unit of General Motors Corp.
   Other issuance came from the Federal National Mortgage
Association, which brought over $1.2 billion in real estate
mortgage investment conduits to the market during the
session. The largest was a $500 million Remic sold through
Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Among secondary issues, Government National Mortgage
Association 7.5% securities for February delivery ended the
session down 22/32 at 97 26/32. Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corp. Gold 7.5% securities were down 20/32 at 96 27/32.
Fannie Mae 7.5% securities were down 20/32 at 96 22/ 32.