Citicorp Sells 25%
   Of Stake in Saudi
   American Bank
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Analysts speculated that the sale could raise its tier
one, or equity, ratio of capital to assets by around
one-tenth of a percentage point. The banking giant's level of
tier one capital to assets stood at 3.64% at the end of the
third quarter, below the 4.0% regulatory minimum effective at
year end and the lowest of almost every large banking
company.
   Frank DeSantis of Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities
Corp. estimated after third-quarter figures were released
that the banking giant would have to raise $700 million to
climb above the regulatory minimum for equity capital.
   "It's a step in the right direction but its not the be all
and end all," he said.
   Citicorp has targeted 10 to 12 businesses it would shed as
part of a multibillion dollar capital-raising plan. In the
fourth quarter, Citicorp made modest progress, selling its
bond insurer Capital Markets Assurance Corp. and its
brokerage subsidiary Lynch, Jones,  Ryan for undisclosed
amounts. Other possible sales include Quotron Systems Inc.,
its 49.7% stake in bond insurer Ambac Inc., as well as
thrifts in Arizona and Florida, analysts say.
   Samba is one of Citicorp's profitable overseas operations
that could be sold to raise capital. However, Citicorp is
resisting selling crown jewels at firesale prices, an
official said, and will not sell any additional shares of
Samba.
   "We're not in desperate shape, and we're not going to give
stuff away to gussy up the books," he said.
   Samba, a joint-venture with Saudi investors, will report
record net income in 1991 of about $200 million, a 40%
increase over 1990's results, said Abdulaziz Al-Gosabi, the
bank's chairman.
   Most analysts are expecting Citicorp to break even in the
quarter. In the third quarter it lost $885 million, or $2.72
a share, the widest loss since 1987.