Business Brief:
   Toyota Plans to Nearly Double Exports
   This Year of Cars Made at 2 U.S. Plants
Exports of the Toyota Camry station wagon, which Toyota
will start building in Kentucky in March, will make up about
40% of this year's exports. The auto maker said it will build
right-hand and left-hand drive versions of the Camry wagon to
sell in Europe, Canada and Japan.
   Toyota also said it will continue to export
Georgetown-built Camry sedans and the Corolla models it
builds at the New United Motors Manufacturing Inc. plant in
Fremont, Calif., that it runs with General Motors Corp.
Recently Toyota said it will begin exporting four-cylinder
engines built in Kentucky to Japan.
   Separately, GM said it agreed to begin selling auto parts
to Honda Motor Co. The agreement involves U.S.-made canisters
for fuel-control systems. GM would begin exporting the
canisters next year.
   GM officials said the Honda deal is part of GM's plan to
boost its auto-parts exports to Japanese auto makers to $450
million a year by 1996.
   Currently GM supplies auto parts to nine Japanese auto
makers, including Toyota, Nissan Motor Co. and Mitsubishi
Motors Corp. GM said it is negotiating parts sales with Mazda
Motor Corp.
   Last year GM sold about $170 million worth of auto parts
to Japanese auto makers, and GM officials are planning to
boost that level to $200 million in 1992.