Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Drop 0.7% on Worry
   Over Interest Rates and Earnings
   ----
   By Howard Hoffman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Traders say many investors still would like to see
interest rates fall further. Instead, they're seeing real
rates creeping higher. And they're not seeing many signs that
corporate profits are ready to rally. In fact, analysts
lately have been cutting earnings estimates, not raising
them.
   The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 22.36 points, or
0.7%, to end at 3208.63. The average finished the day on an
upswing, rebounding from its low around 3199.
   The Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index fell 2.86 points, or
0.7%, to 404.03. The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index
was off 1.47 points, or 0.7%, to 223.55.
   Volume was 185,320,000 shares, down from Tuesday's
190,530,000.
   The extent of yesterday's decline was most evident on the
advance-decline line. More than two stocks fell in price for
every one that gained.
   Wall Street still isn't persuaded that the economy -- and
corporate profits with it -- is on the mend. I/B/E/S Inc., a
firm that tracks investment data and research, reported that
Wall Street analysts cut 1992 estimates on SP 500 companies
roughly twice as often as they raised estimates over the past
month. So when President Bush told reporters yesterday, "I am
more concerned about stimulating the economy than pushing
rates down," the stock market didn't see improvement on the
way and gave more ground.
   Transportation stocks paced the decline; the Dow Jones
Transportation Average fell 1.3%.
   Gary Kaminsky, an analyst at JRO Associates, said the
airline sector has been beset by confusion as carriers report
better business at the same time as they cut prices.
   "The February data indicates traffic, {and} yields at all
the major carriers seemed to be improving," Mr. Kaminsky
said. "Yet, there seems to be aggressive discounting."
   Discounting won't help earnings in an industry short on
profits last year, analysts say. UAL shares dropped 3 1/2 to
145 1/2. AMR was down 1 1/4 to 75 1/8 and Delta Air Lines
slipped 1 1/4 to 67.
   Among other transportation stocks, Santa Fe Pacific lost
3/8 to 11 3/8. Carolina Freight was off 5/8 to 18 1/4 and
Ryder System declined 7/8 to 23 3/8.
   Only two of the 30 stocks that make up the Dow industrials
managed gains on the day. McDonald's was up 1 5/8 to 41 5/8.
Smith Barney, Harris Upham expects sales to revive and
upgraded its rating on the stock.
   General Motors remained unchanged at 37 3/8. GM Chairman
Robert Stempel urged patience when he said a turnaround for
the troubled auto maker will take time.
   Topping the Big Board most-active list was Valassis
Communications. The new issue was priced Tuesday at 17.
Earlier talk had put the price for the 22.1 million-share
issue at 20 to 23. The stock closed its first day of trading
at 16 3/4. Nearly four million shares changed hands.
   Two fast-growing retailers were the objects of much
attention on the trading floor. Limited ended 3/4 lower at 27
1/4. A block of 2.1 million shares was traded at 27 1/8. Gap
fell 2 1/4 to 42 7/8.
   General Dynamics shares got a boost from a dividend
increase. The defense contractor said strong cash flow from
"increased operating efficiency, careful management of
working capital and debt reduction" is sufficient to raise
the quarterly dividend to 40 cents a share from 25 cents.
General Dynamics was up 3/4 to 61 5/8.
   Two major banks were said to be considering disposing of
some operations. The American Banker reported Chase Manhattan
might sell some of its mortgage banking unit. The newspaper
said Citicorp is talking about selling its credit
card-processing business. Chase edged 1/8 lower to 22 3/4.
Citicorp fell 1/2 to 16 1/4.
   Countrywide Credit Industries was off 3/4 at 32 5/8. The
Pasadena, Calif., mortgage banker said a consistent increase
in new mortgages on home purchases is offsetting the decline
in mortgage refinancings spurred by rising interest rates.
   General Mills lost 1 1/8 to 66 1/4. The food and
restaurant company said net income for the third quarter,
ended Feb. 23, was nearly flat at $132 million, or 80 cents a
share. General Mills predicted record results for fiscal
1992.
   Toys "R" Us stumbled 1 point to close at 34 3/8. Earnings
for the fourth quarter, ended Feb. 1, came in at the low end
of analysts' estimates. The toy retailer said net income was
88 cents a share, up from 81 cents a share a year ago.
   Autozone eased 1/4 to 35 on heavy volume. Affiliates of
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Co. Limited Partnership reduced
their stake in the auto parts retailer to 53% from 59%
through a four million-share secondary offering priced
Tuesday at 35 1/4.