Securities Offering Calendar
$20.8 billion of three-month and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   $15 billion of three-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   $11 billion of 10-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                         Thursday
                                                                                                       

   $10 billion of 30-year bonds.
                                                                                                       

                         CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Advantage Health Corp. -- initial 2.5 million common
shares, via Alex. Brown  Sons Inc.
   Applied Immune Sciences Inc. -- two million common shares,
via Montgomery Securities.
   Automatic Data Processing Inc. -- $700 million of
(redemption amount) zero-coupon convertible subordinated
notes, via Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Ambac Corp. -- 17.4 million common shares, via Morgan
Stanley  Co.
   Cytogen Corp./Cytorad Inc. -- 3.5 million units,
consisting of one share of the callable common stock of
Cytorad and one warrant to buy one share of Cytogen common
stock, via Merrill Lynch.
   Enhance Financial Services Inc. -- initial five million
common shares, via Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Forest Laboratories Inc. -- three million common shares,
via Lehman Brothers Inc.
   General Motors Corp. -- $750 million depositary shares,
representing Series C preferred stock, via Merrill Lynch.
   Inter-regional Financial Group -- 1.3 million common
shares, via Smith Barney.
   Korea Investment Fund Inc. -- initial five million common
shares, via PaineWebber Inc.
   Living Centers of America Inc. -- initial 7,776,000 common
shares, via Merrill Lynch.
   Metropolitan Federal Savings  Loan Association of Seattle
-- 1.2 million common shares, via Montgomery Securities.
   Mountain Gas Resources Inc. -- 2.6 million common shares,
via Dillon, Read  Co.
   Roper Industries Inc. -- initial 2.5 million common
shares, via Smith Barney.
   Southwest Airlines Co. -- two million common shares, via
Merrill Lynch.
   TNT Freightways Corp. -- initial 12.5 million common
shares, via Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Technology Solutions Co. -- 1,889,064 common shares, via
Goldman Sachs.
   Stone Container Corp. -- $100 million convertible
subordinated debentures and four million shares of cumulative
convertible exchangeable preferred stock, via Bear, Stearns 
Co.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                          Monday
                                                                                                       

   Missouri -- $320,115,000 of unlimited tax general
obligation bonds, 1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   Jersey City, N.J. -- $57,280,000 of qualified school
bonds, via competitive bid.
   Onondaga County, N.Y. -- $55 million of public improvement
bonds, via competitive bid.
   Ohio Public Facilities Commission -- $251,855,000 of
higher education capital facilities special obligation bonds,
1992 Series II A, and $62,230,000 of mental health capital
facilities special obligation bonds, 1992 Series II A, via
competitive bid.
   University of Maryland System -- $66,725,000 of auxiliary
facility and tuition revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   Florida State Board of Education -- $311,580,000 of public
education capital outlay refunding bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Thursday
                                                                                                       

   Wisconsin -- $219,040,000 of general obligation bonds,
1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   City and County of Denver, Colo. -- $250 million of
airport system revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Lehman
Brothers group.
   City of Albuquerque, N.M. -- $65 million of health care
revenue bonds (MBIA Inc.-insured), via a First Boston Corp.
group.
   Columbus, Ohio -- $130 million of sewer revenue refunding
bonds, via an A.G. Edwards  Sons Inc. group.
   Kenton County Airport Board, Ky. -- $440 million of
special facilities revenue bonds, (Delta Airlines Inc.
Project), Series A (Alternative Minimum Tax), and Series B
(non-AMT), via a Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co. group.
   Maine -- $51,195,000 of general obligation bonds, via a
Painewebber group.
   Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency -- $336 million of
resident revenue bonds Series A, B, C (Series B taxable), via
a Goldman Sachs group.
   New York State -- $77,150,000 of certificates of
participation, via a Dillon Read group.
   New York State Environmental Facilities Corp. -- $65
million of special obligation bonds, via a Bear Stearns
group.
   North California Transmission Agency -- $115 million of
revenue bonds, (Oregon Transmission Project), 1992 Series A,
via a Lehman Brothers group.
   Palm Beach County, Fla. -- $90 million of airport system
revenue refunding bonds, 1992 Series (non-AMT), via a Dillon
Read group.
   Phoenix, Ariz. -- $92 million of senior-lien streets and
highway user revenue and refunding bonds, via a Smith Barney
group.
   San Francisco Redevelopment Agency -- $90 million of lease
revenue bonds, (George R. Moscone Convention Center project),
via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Wichita, Kan. -- $185 million of hospital facility
improvement and insured refunding revenue bonds (San Francis
Regional Medical Center), via a Lehman Brothers group.