What's News --
   Business and Finance
Stock prices surged despite some grim economic reports,
while bond prices declined. The Dow Jones industrials climbed
60.60 points to a record 3246.20 in heavy trading. Other
stock indexes also set records. The dollar rose sharply
against the mark, but lost ground against the yen.
   ---
   Sales of U.S. cars slumped in early January, falling below
the levels set in December and a depressed year-earlier
period and reinforcing a belief that auto sales can't get any
weaker. Ford's total vehicle sales rose 2.7% from a year
earlier. GM's fell 11.5%.
                                                                                                       

   Retail sales fell 0.4% in December amid heavy discounts
and promotions, confirming dismal assessments of the
Christmas selling season. The decline was the third in a row.
For all of 1991, retail sales edged up 0.7%, the smallest
increase in 30 years.
   ---
   Dow Corning halted its production of breast implants. The
company, a venture of Dow Chemical and Corning, is taking a
$25 million charge against fourth-quarter earnings to cover
any liability from the devices.
   ---
   World oil demand rebounded in the fourth quarter and is
expected to rise nearly 1% this year, an energy group said.
Oil prices, however, fell yesterday, ending a two-day rally.
   ---
   California's big state pension fund plans to invest $225
million to provide construction loans to home builders.
   ---
   A former top BCCI official was arrested by federal
authorities for allegedly bribing public officials.
Separately, a British judge ordered the liquidation of the
failed global bank.
   ---
   Smith Barney's profit soared in the fourth quarter, far
exceeding expectations and pushing earnings of parent company
Primerica up 34%. Primerica stock rose $2.125 to $40.75.
   ---
   Japanese acquisitions of U.S. companies plunged 68% last
year to $3.8 billion from $11.9 billion in 1990, re flecting
more caution among buyers and growing difficulty raising
money.
   ---
   Regulators settled a U.S. tax claim against Executive Life
for $73 million. They also proposed a plan that would hurt
holders of municipal bonds backed by the failed insurer.
   ---
   McDonald's named Jack Greenberg, the fast-food concern's
top finance executive, to be vice chairman, suggesting
finance will play a prominent role in the company's future.
   ---
   London stock prices climbed, sending the FT-SE 100 index
up 26.2 points, or 1.1%, to close at 2516.3. Tokyo share
prices finished mixed. Frankfurt equities rose slightly.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 264,550,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3246.20, up 60.60; transportation 1387.33, up 23.17;
utilities 215.32, up 1.81.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4291.03, off 14.52.
   Commodities: Oil $18.47 a barrel, off 32 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.21, off 0.03; spot index 113.68, up 0.31.
   Dollar: 126.84 yen, off 0.21; 1.5920 marks, up 0.0145.