Marketing  Media:
   Enquirer/Star Group
   Plans to Restructure
   Portion of Its Debt
The company is expected to refinance the 15% subordinated
debt at a rate less than 10%, while also paying off some
senior bank debt the company holds. The newly issued debt
will include warrants to purchase an as-yet undetermined
number of Enquirer/Star Class A shares.
   Enquirer/Star asked the New York Stock Exchange to stop
trading in the stock at midday yesterday because the company
had received numerous calls related to speculation about the
impending filing. The company's shares didn't resume trading
following the announcement, but last traded at $18, down
$1.50.
   Although the market apparently was concerned that
Enquirer/Star might be having debt problems, the company said
the filing will help lower interest costs, and also said it
expects fiscal fourth quarter results for the period ending
March 30 to be better than a year ago. It also said the
fourth quarter would be about equal or slightly better than
the recent third quarter, when net income was $4.6 million or
11 cents a share on $71 million in revenue.
   Following the issues, the company expects to have total
debt of about $430 million, of which $242 million will be
senior bank debt.
   Enquirer/Star became a public company last year and is the
publisher of National Enquirer and Star, both supermarket
tabloids. Enquirer/Star is controlled by Macfadden Holdings
Inc., in partnership with Boston Ventures L.P.
   Enquirer/Star has 19.7 million shares of Class A stock
outstanding. The warrants, if exercised, won't affect the
number of shares outstanding, but rather will be on a portion
of shares presently owned by Macfadden and Boston Ventures.
Together, Boston Ventures and Macfadden control 53.6% of
company stock.