Technology  Medicine:
   HIV Is Spreading
   To Heterosexuals
   At Growing Rate
   ----
   By Marilyn Chase
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"But even in the United States, the greatest rate of
increase is among heterosexuals," he said, since behavioral
changes have greatly stemmed the spread of the virus among
gay men.
   Currently, WHO estimates the total number of AIDS cases
world-wide at two million, with an additional 10 million
people infected with the human immunodeficiency virus. By the
year 2000, Dr. Merson said, the total number of carriers
could triple or quadruple to between 30 million and 40
million.
   All this foreshadows a growing trend for this decade and
beyond, WHO said, of people now carrying the virus eventually
developing AIDS. (For now, public health officials are
assuming that the vast majority of HIV-infected people will
go on to develop the disease.)
   Aggressive education and prevention programs must
continue, Dr. Merson said. WHO provides resources and
technical support to more than 120 countries, for example,
helping to supply one billion condoms a year to African
nations.
   Currently, the World Bank is weighing a proposed $65
million loan to India as part of a proposed $75 million AIDS
program to help control the epidemic in that country, Dr.
Merson said.
   "We need to involve the private sector globally in
(fighting) the epidemic," Dr. Merson said in an interview.
"We need to enlist corporate America into the global response
to AIDS." He described corporate gifts to poor AIDS-stricken
countries as a form of "social marketing" that could benefit
the donors as well as the recipients.