OTC Focus:
   Index Edges Up 0.35% Despite Renewal
   Of Profit-Taking in Some Major Stocks
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Some of the major stocks that led the OTC market sharply
higher Wednesday changed course yesterday. Microsoft, which
surged 6 1/8 a day earlier, eased 1/2 to 125. Amgen, which
jumped 4 3/4 a day earlier, eased 1/4 to 70 3/4.
   On the Big Board, the New York Stock Exchange Composite
Index slipped 1.30, or 0.56%, while the Dow Jones Industrial
Average slumped 29.07, or 0.89%.
   National Market System volume, meanwhile, swelled to
224,400,000 shares -- the seventh highest on record --
compared with 207,950,000 Wednesday.
   Jerry Newman, an institutional trader at Cowen  Co., said
the wild action of Tuesday and Wednesday has left investors
unsure about the market. "That is why you are seeing no
direction today. People are confused about the next move," he
said. On Tuesday, stocks fell 2%.
   Mr. Newman said he saw continued buying interest in
initial public offerings and in shares of companies that
disclosed positive news. But, he said, "There was still
profit-taking going on in some larger-capitalization OTC
names."
   Among hot new issues, Whole Foods Market, an Austin,
Texas, operator of natural-foods supermarkets, soared $7.50
from its offering price of $17 a share to close at $24.50.
Nearly all of the 1,375,000 shares offered changed hands, as
a total of 2.4 million shares traded.
   Newly public Abaxis climbed $4.75 from its offering price
of $11 apiece to close at $15.75. The 2,175,000-share
offering was expanded from an originally planned 1,750,000
shares. The Mountain View, Calif., corporation is developing
a blood analysis system.
   Sphinx Pharmaceuticals, a new issue yesterday, was the
most-active stock, closing at its offering price of 15 on
volume of 5.1 million. The Durham, N.C., biopharmaceutical
concern was the subject of a five million-share offering,
expanded from a planned four million.
   Among companies posting earnings, BayBanks jumped 1 3/4 to
23 1/2. The Boston bank reported fourth-quarter net of 40
cents a share, reversing a year-ago loss of $2.01 a share,
after nearly halving its loan-loss provision to $50.5
million.
   But there were losses for many stocks that until recently
have been among the strongest. Novell dropped 3 1/4 to 56
3/4, Bor land International lost 7/8 to 71 3/8 and Ora cle
Systems declined 1 to 18 5/8.
   Don R. Hays, market strategist at Wheat First-Butcher 
Singer, said he believes the OTC market has begun a
correction that will last through the end of the first
quarter and push the Nasdaq Composite Index down by more than
10%, to about 560.
   Mr. Hays said the downtrend began on Jan. 9, when the
daily number of stocks hitting 52-week highs peaked at 352.
"Since then, fewer and fewer stocks are carrying the Nasdaq
up," he said. On Wednesday, even though the market was
soaring, just 131 issues set highs. Yesterday, 174 closed at
yearly records.
   Several already-public companies also were the subject of
underwritten stock offerings. Salick Health Care eased 1/2 to
14, following its 2.4 million-share issue, while Proffitt's
Inc. rose 3/4 to 13 1/2, after its 2.3 million-share
offering. Both issuances were increased in size from a
planned two million shares.
   Elsewhere, Intel rose 5/8 to 61 7/8. The company said it
will introduce more than 30 new versions of its popular
32-bit microprocessors this year, as part of its strategy to
maintain its leadership in the market for such chips.
   Quantum Corp. eased 1/4 to 15 1/4. The computer disk drive
manufacturer late Wednesday recorded third-quarter net income
of 21 cents a share, down from year-ago earnings of 41 cents
a share. The latest quarter's results, however, were better
than the 14 cents a share that analysts had expected,
according to First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Network.
The stock rose 1 1/2 Wednesday before the earnings were
disclosed.
   Ohio Casualty gained 2 3/4 to 55 3/4. The Hamilton, Ohio,
insurer had fourth-quarter earnings of $25.8 million, or
$1.44 a share, up from $14.7 million, or 82 cents a share,
last year.
   Right Start lost 1 3/8 to 4 1/2 after the company said its
earnings for the third quarter, ending next month, will be
depressed by disappointing results from its 1991 holiday
mail-order catalog. The company, which earned 14 cents a
share through the first six months of fiscal 1992, said
results will be at about the break-even level in the second
half.
   Network General climbed 2 1/2 to 22 3/4 after it posted
net income of 19 cents a share for its third quarter, ended
Dec. 31, up from 15 cents a share a year earlier. Revenue
totaled $17.4 million, up from $13.2 million.
   Stuart Hall dropped 1 1/2 to 9 5/8. It had a loss of 20
cents a share in the fourth quarter, wider than the
nine-cent-a-share deficit it posted a year ago. The
stationery and school supplies company, in part, blamed the
results on sluggish retail sales.
   Informix gained 3 1/4 to 25. Several analysts increased
their 1992 earnings estimates for the company following news
late Wednesday that it won a $26.8 million contract as part
of a $1.6 billion pact awarded to Boeing by the Army for
installation of a data base.
   AW Brands gained 2 1/4 to 39 1/4. The company posted
fourth-quarter net of 48 cents a share, up from 30 cents a
share a year ago. The 1990 figure included a charge of 13
cents a share.