Societe Generale Says
   It Expects to Report
   Solid Earnings for '91
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Vienot warned, however, that the 3.5 billion francs
($645.6 million) in net income forecast by most Paris stock
analysts is a bit generous. "The result will be slightly
below that, although not far off," he said.
   If Mr. Vienot is correct, Societe Generale will have
almost fully recovered from 1990, when earnings slumped 25%
to 2.7 billion francs from 3.6 billion francs a year earlier.
Like most French lenders, Societe Generale was tripped up in
1990 by an inverted domestic yield curve and the impact of
the Persian Gulf crisis.
   Now, said Mr. Vienot, "the bank has learned to live with
the interest rate situation" by relying more on
commission-based income, while management of lending risks
has helped trim provisions. The formula paid off during the
first half of 1991, when profit rose by nearly 30%, while
provisions fell 21%.
   The economic terrain still remains unstable, however, and
some loan risks remain to be settled. "There is the ex-Soviet
Union to deal with," as well as the collapse of the media
empire built by the late Robert Maxwell, Mr. Vienot said.
   Mr. Vienot wouldn't specify Societe Generale's exposure in
either case. But he noted that the bank's Soviet loan
portfolio has been reduced by half in the past year. Analysts
estimate that about 1.5 billion francs in Soviet loans remain
on the books.
   Societe Generale isn't near the top of the rankings of the
50 or so banks that have loans outstanding to Maxwell
companies, Mr. Vienot said, adding that such loans won't lead
to a sharp rise in the bank's provisions.