MBIA Net Rose 35%
   In 4th Quarter; Sales
   Of Stakes Planned
Aetna owns 20.1% of MBIA, and the other three companies
own between 4% and 6%. After the offering Aetna will own
9.5%, and the other three will each own between 1% and 4%.
The public will own 83.5% of MBIA after the offering.
   Credit Local, a Paris bank specializing in municipal
finance, bought its MBIA stake in 1989.
   The companies could recognize significant gains on the
offering. Aetna, Cigna and a unit of Fund American were
shareholders when MBIA went public in 1987 at $23.50 a share.
The company had additional public offerings in 1990 at $36.25
a share and 1991 at $35 a share. MBIA's stock was quoted at
$45.25, down $1.625, in late New York Stock Exchange trading
yesterday. The company said it planned the offering for the
week of Feb. 17.
   MBIA's fourth-quarter net income rose to $40.3 million, or
$1.03 a share, from $29.8 million, or 78 cents a share, a
year earlier. Revenue jumped 31% to $74.6 million from $57.0
million.
   For the year, net rose 14% to $144.7 million or $3.74 a
share, from $126.6 million or $3.33 a share, in 1990. Revenue
rose 20% to $269 million from $223.6 million.
   Standard  Poor's Corp. affirmed its triple-A rating on
MBIA's claims-paying ability and the double-A-plus rating on
its senior debt. The rating agency said MBIA has "strong
capital adequacy under SP's worst-case stress scenarios."