California SLs
   Post Large Gains
   For 4th Quarter
   ---
   Decline in Loan Problems,
   Big Interest Margins Aid
   Golden West, Ahmanson
   ----
   By Ralph T. King Jr.
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"There were no surprises," said Joseph Jolson, a thrift
analyst with Montgomery Securities.
   Loan-loss provisions were down sharply. Ahmanson, the
nation's largest thrift, which earned $64 million -- a huge
jump from year-earlier profit of $475,000 -- took a $61.9
million provision, down from $95.7 million a year ago.
Glenfed, with net income of $20.5 million, took a $48.8
million charge, down from $153 million. Glenfed had a
year-earlier loss of $113.7 million.
   Most of the thrifts' problem loans do continue to rise,
but that increase stems primarily from home-mortgage
delinquencies rather than troubled commercial real estate.
Bad home loans require fewer reserves because they typically
result in relatively modest losses that are easy to predict.
   Meanwhile, the thrifts' net interest margins, or the
difference between their cost of funds and what they earn
from loans and investments, were at record levels, in part
because the drop in lending rates has trailed the drop in
rates thrifts pay their depositors. At Ahmanson, the spread
for the quarter was 3.27%, up from 2.71% a year earlier.
Great Western's figure was 3.92%, up from 2.95%. That bonanza
may not last in 1992. "Margins won't get any better, and they
will probably narrow," says Mr. Jolson, adding that loan
growth will stagnate.
   Mr. Jolson says that barring a robust economic recovery,
the California thrifts' earnings will flatten out by the
second quarter of 1992, although the current quarter should
be strong, up 40% or so.
   Coast Savings reported net of $10.2 million, although that
included about $18 million in gains from loan sales, which
aren't considered a dependable source of income. Still, Coast
Savings was much improved from a year earlier, when it needed
a $52.7 million extraordinary gain to earn $50.1 million.
   ---
                        1991              1990
                     in      per        in      per     %
                  millions   share   millions   share   chg.
                                                                                                       

               FOURTH QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 H.F. Ahmanson .   $64.0     $0.51    $0.47     $0.00    ..
 Golden West ...    64.0      1.00    42.0       0.66    51
 Great Western .    71.5      0.53  - 62.3     - 0.48    ..
 Glenfed .......    20.5      0.60  -113.7     - 3.33    ..
 Coast Savings .    10.2      0.63    50.1     -a3.18  - 80
                                                                                                       

                            YEAR
                                                                                                       

 H.F. Ahmanson .  $245.8     $2.06  $191.0      $1.64    29
 Golden West ...   239.0      3.76   181.0       2.87    31
 Great Western .   298.0      2.24   127.0       0.99   135
 Glenfed-b .....     ..       ..       ..        ..      ..
 Coast Savings .    41.7      2.60     2.9     -a0.19    ..
                                                                                                       

   a-Fourth-quarter results include extraordinary after-tax
gain of $52.7 million, or $3.35 per share; full year includes
extraordinary after-tax gain of $65.8 million, or $4.33 per
share. b-Fiscal year ends in June.