Who's News:
   Campbell Soup Co.
   Picks Procter's Weise
   To Be Financial Chief
Since 1983, Mr. Weise has headed finances for several
Procter divisions. As the chief financial officer of its
domestic health care and beauty care division, he spearheaded
financial aspects of the company's strategic expansion in
health-care and drugs. Mr. Weise also was for a time
Procter's top human-resource executive for its financial
employees.
   "He's not the type of CFO that focuses only on numbers,"
said Nomi Ghez, food analyst at Goldman, Sachs  Co. "He
really tries to understand businesses and applies strategic
thinking to them."
   Mr. Weise began his career at Procter in 1967 as a senior
staff accountant in the toilet goods division's advertising
control group. He took on the chief financial position at the
company's Benelux operations, based in Brussels, in 1979.
   Campbell's president and chief executive officer, David W.
Johnson, said Mr. Weise's international, strategic and
personnel experiences were key factors in his selection.
"It's important that I have someone who knows and understands
the marketing of brands" in the top financial job, Mr.
Johnson said. "He has a proven record of diverse experience
and understands how to build brands and therefore
businesses." Campbell's other brands, besides its soups,
include Vlasic pickles, Pepperidge Farm cookies and Swanson's
frozen dinners.
   Mr. Weise said, "At Procter we give people experience in
every discipline, so that they understand promotion,
advertising, manufacturing. That's the development track I'll
put people on at Campbell."