Credit Ratings:
   Moody's Is Reviewing
   Travelers' Ratings
   For Possible Lowering
Chairman Edward H. Budd said the company's capital base
grew by $350 million in 1991 to $4.6 billion. "This level of
protection provides substantial security for all of our
obligations," he said.
   Travelers' ratings may be under review in part because 12%
of its $13 billion real estate portfolio is invested in
California, where the market may be only beginnning to
deteriorate.
   In the fourth quarter, Travelers set aside $56 million in
reserves for losses on real estate but said it did not expect
significant improvement in the real estate market soon. It
currently has a total of $909 million in reserves for losses
on its real estate portfolio. Of the $13 billion, $4.92
billion is considered troubled.
   A ratings downgrade could be troubling for Travelers,
whose single-A-2 financial-strength rating is low compared
with other large well-known insurance companies. A
financial-strength rating reflects the insurer's ability to
meet obligations to policyholders. Agents rely on the ratings
to help them sell insurance, and competing agents sometimes
use ratings data to persuade customers to switch companies.
   Travelers' senior debt rating of single-A-2 and its
subordinated debt rating of single-A-3 also are under review
for possible downgrade.