At One Time, Homes on the Range
   Never Heard Discouraging Words
   ----
   By Kevin Helliker
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But a sign erected to direct visitors to Our Town's
welcome center was taken down by the rival Main Street group,
who claimed it was causing traffic jams. Our Town partisans
found that explanation hard to swallow. "You can't have
traffic jams in a town of 900 people," says an incredulous
Mike O'Neal, editor of the Chase County News-Leader.
   Next, County Attorney Lee Fowler charged the local
school-board president, the county agricultural agent and a
prominent businessman with temporary deprivation of property
for taking the sign, a Class A misdemeanor carrying a maximum
penalty of $2,500 and a year in jail.
   Eager to get the charges against them dropped, the
school-board president and agricultural agent apologized on
the front page of the News-Leader, and agreed to pay court
costs of $92 each.
   But the businessman, local car dealer Mike Swartz, fired
his attorney for advising acceptance of a similar offer. "I
want my day in court," he says. To help him hire a big-city
attorney from Wichita, 80 miles south, Mr. Swartz's backers
staged a $10-a-plate fund-raiser and sold T-shirts boasting,
"I Stole the Sign."
   Last week, with the internecine spat picking up steam, Mr.
Fowler decided to drop all charges. "We scared him off,"
brags Mr. Swartz. Not so, says Mr. Fowler, who contends that
he acted to save court costs before he even knew about Mr.
Swartz's hired gun.
   How the author of "PrairyErth" feels about "PrairySnit,"
as the flap is called, isn't known. A spokeswoman for his
agent withheld his number, saying, "He never answers his
phone anyway."
   Ironically, despite Mr. Heat-Moon's romantic view of Chase
County, local folks say they've never gotten along. "I don't
know if it didn't fit into his theme or what, but this has
never been a Norman Rockwell kind of place," says Mr. O'Neal.