KeyCorp Plans
   To Buy Puget
   Sound Bancorp
   ---
   Stock Deal for $800 Million
   Reflects Soaring Market
   For Big Regional Banks
   ----
   By Fred R. Bleakley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Puget had sought other offers, but when others gleaned how
much it would take to win the contest, "the financial part of
the transaction" caused them to back off, said William
Philip, Puget Sound's chairman.
   As a healthy bank with strong earnings and capital and no
foreseeable loan problems, Puget, with $4.9 billion in
assets, attracted top dollar from KeyCorp, which already had
a presence in the state. Based on last Friday's closing price
for KeyCorp, the deal was valued at $807 million; the deal
was announced before the stock market opened yesterday
morning. The final price will be determined when regulatory
authorities give their approval, which isn't expected until
late August or September.
   "It's a brilliant acquisition, which I don't say very
often," said Thomas Hanley, a managing director and head of
bank analysis at First Boston Corp. Mr. Hanley said he
continues to recommend the stock after attending an analysts'
luncheon with KeyCorp officials in New York yesterday.
   The terms of the deal call for Puget Sound's shareholders
to receive 0.88 share of KeyCorp common stock for each Puget
share. That would result in the issuance of 17.6 million
KeyCorp shares, which were quoted late yesterday at $44.25 a
share, down $1.625, in New York Stock Exchange trading.
Analysts said the decline in KeyCorp shares resulted from
arbitragers locking in a profit on the deal by buying Puget
shares and selling borrowed shares of KeyCorp that they will
replace after the deal is finalized.
   The pending merger is the largest bank deal of the year so
far. It tops the $336 million in stock that Boatmen's
Bancshares Inc., St. Louis, agreed to pay in last week's
announced deal with Sunwest Financial Services Inc., New
Mexico's largest banking holding company.
   The pace of bank mergers is already well ahead of the
first few months of recent years, in part because strong
regional banking companies are using the inflated values of
their stock to expand.
   So far this year, $2.2 billion in bank deals have been
announced, four times the volume of the same period last
year, according to SNL Securities, a Charlottesville, Va.,
bank statistical research firm. Altogether, there were a
record $21.6 billion of bank acquisitions announced last
year.
   With bank stocks continuing to outpace the general stock
market this year as they did most of last year, the vast
majority of acquisitions are for stock. In 1988 and 1989,
only about half of the deals were paid for with stock of the
acquiring company. Last year that figure jumped to 88%,
similar to the trend so far this year, says SNL.
   Just yesterday, on a smaller scale, Charter One Financial
Inc., Cleveland, said it will acquire First American BanCorp.
in a stock swap valued at about $42 million.
   In KeyCorp's case, the fact that its stock has been such a
strong performer in recent years "strengthened its relative
position as a buyer," says Reid Nagle, president of SNL. A
year ago, its stock was trading for $28.50 a share. It traded
as high as $50 several weeks ago. Over the past decade,
KeyCorp's stock has been one of the four best performing
large bank stocks, added Mr. Hanley.
   Several of the most active bank acquirers of recent years,
including BankAmerica Corp., Banc One Corp., NBD Corp. and
Norwest Corp., also have far outperformed bank stocks and the
market over recent years, making their acquisition currency
that much more valuable, Mr. Nagle said.
   KeyCorp's move in Washington also is a microcosm of the
strategic decisions faced by banks throughout the nation.
Looking at a small market share in the Seattle/Tacoma area
and the increasing presence of large out-of-state West Coast
banking companies, including BankAmerica and U.S. Bancorp,
KeyCorp sought to become one of the dominant players.
   "We believe it's important to be one of the main players
in the major markets you're in," said William Dougherty,
KeyCorp's chief financial officer. That is the case in the
large cities in upstate New York where it has a presence, as
well as in Wyoming, where KeyCorp is the largest bank, he
said. KeyCorp also operates in Utah, Alaska, Oregon, Idaho
and Maine.
   By acquiring Puget, KeyCorp jumps to third in market share
in the Seattle/Tacoma area, with 14% to 15% of the total
banking revenue for the area, said Mr. Dougherty. Its
presence in the state will increase to 8.3% from a 1.3%
market share, he added.
   "This is going to happen all over the United States," said
Edward Furash, a Washington D.C., bank consultant. "As
markets concentrate with three or four banks having 60% or
more of market share, every player has to make a choice:
become one of the umbrella group or fix a strategy to become
extremely well focused as a community bank."
   A year ago, KeyCorp approached Puget with an offer to buy
its shares at 1 3/4 times its book value, said Mr. Dougherty.
Puget's book value as of the end of 1990 was $17.85 a share,
giving the deal a value of about $31.24 a share. It had 17.4
million shares outstanding at the end of 1990, which would
have valued the deal at about $544 million.
   Puget turned KeyCorp down then, forcing the banking
company to sweeten its offer to two times book, said Mr.
Dougherty. At its 1991 year-end book value of $20.19 a share
and with an additional two million or so more shares
outstanding, the deal's value became roughly $780 million.
Puget thus gained roughly $236 million by keeping KeyCorp at
bay.
   Because Puget has strong earnings and capital to
contribute, the dilution of earnings per share at KeyCorp
because of the issuance of new shares will be "minimal" over
the next two years, said Mr. Dougherty. A $70 million
restructuring charge to merge KeyCorp's existing Washington
bank into Puget Sound's operations will reduce earnings about
30 cents a share to an estimated $4.25 a share this year, Mr.
Dougherty said. Cost efficiencies over the next few years
should recoup much of that charge, he added.
   Mr. Hanley said KeyCorp officials told analysts yesterday
they expected their bank would earn $5.18 a share in 1992 and
$5.91 a year later.
   Several conditions of the deal could ultimately affect the
value of the transaction. While the value could increase if
KeyCorp's stock rises, the deal could be called off or
renegotiated if KeyCorp's stock slips below $43 and performs
12.5 percentage points worse than an index of regional bank
stocks just prior to regulatory approval.
   KeyCorp has also said it is interested in acquiring the 86
Washington state bank branches being spun off by BankAmerica
as a result of its pending merger with Security Pacific Corp.
The Puget deal will result in KeyCorp having $120 million in
excess capital for its Washington banking operations, so
"We're still looking" at the possibility of bidding for the
BankAmerica branches, he said.
   ---
   Ralph T. King Jr. contributed to this article.