Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Rise 7.60 on Hint Spring
   Will Bring an Economic Recovery
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith and Neal Lipschutz
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended with a gain of 7.60
to 3275.27.
   The key piece of evidence came from the National
Association of Purchasing Management, which reported that its
index of business activity rose much more than expected in
February. The index, which had been expected to rise only
slightly, jumped to 52.4% in the month from 47.4% in January.
A reading above 50% means the manufacturing sector of the
economy is expanding.
   That was good news for equity investors who have been
buying shares of economically sensitive companies in the past
two months, betting on better earnings for those companies
when the economy rebounds.
   But if the economy has begun growing again, the Federal
Reserve may not have to lower interest rates further -- and
that is bad news for bondholders.
   Bond prices plunged as much as 1 1/4 points among longer
maturities, while yields surged. The trouble in the bond
market tempered stocks, but enough cyclical stock groups drew
buyers to keep the overall stock market from falling.
   Airline stocks in particular fared well. Delta Air Lines
and Continental Airlines have given some backing to UAL's
efforts to raise domestic fares. UAL jumped 5 to 152 1/2,
Delta jumped 1 7/8 to 70 3/4, and AMR surged 2 3/8 to 78 3/4.
The Dow Jones Transportation Average rallied 14.76 to
1443.01.
   The broader market was little changed, however. Standard 
Poor's 500-Stock Index eased 0.25 to 412.45, the New York
Stock Exchange Composite Index slipped 0.01 to 228.20, and
the Dow Jones Equity Market Index edged down 0.02 to 389.76.
   Advancers nosed out decliners, 907-806. Volume was
180,380,000 shares, down sharply from recent sessions.
   "Those that made big cyclical bets feel a little more
comfortable," said Edward J. Laux, head of block trading at
Kidder Peabody. Mr. Laux said many investors are willing to
tolerate falling bond prices because inflation appears to be
in check despite the consequent rise in interest rates.
   The signs of a strengthening economy were mirrored in
other economic news. The Commerce Department reported that
construction spending rose 1.3% in January after falling 1.6%
in December, and February was the fourth consecutive month in
which more U.S. companies raised their dividends than did a
year earlier. Standard  Poor's Corp. said 129 U.S. companies
raised dividends last month, up from 101 in February 1991.
Still, the total was below the 149 dividends raised in
February 1990.
   Six companies resumed dividends last month, up from two a
year earlier. Fourteen companies reduced dividend payouts,
compared with 23 in February 1991 and 11 in February 1990.
SP said nine companies omitted dividends, compared with 24 a
year earlier.
   Steven Kroll, managing director at Monness Crespi  Hardt,
said many investors are avoiding making investment decisions
before Friday's February employment report. A weak jobs
report could revive bonds and could throw some doubt on the
cyclical-stocks story, he said.
   Although investors mostly ignored the interest-rate
worries, Edwin D. Walczak, chief investment officer at
Vontobel USA, argued that rates could pose a problem for the
market's many high-multiple stocks.
   "The multiples are up there because interest rates are
low," said Mr. Walczak, noting that investors are willing to
pay more for future earnings when the cost of money is low.
He estimated that the SP 500 is trading at a historically
high priceearnings ratio of about 20, based on some 1992
earnings projections. However, if the bond market continues
to slide, sending rates up, investors may rethink the value
of those future earnings.
   Worse, Mr. Walczak said, analysts are already scaling back
their more aggressive earnings estimates for 1992 and beyond.
"Anything that upsets this multiple cart is worrisome," he
said.
   BankAmerica rose 7/8 to 44 3/8 after its proposed merger
with Security Pacific cleared some big hurdles. Both the
Justice Department and the Washington state attorney general
have given conditional approval to the merger. Security
Pacific rose 1 7/8 to 38 1/4.
   Ecolab rocketed 7 1/8 to 34. The company said it plans to
divest itself of its Chemlawn Landscape Care unit through a
sale, spinoff or other disposition by midyear.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 0.70
to 416.79. Volume was 16,741,000 shares, up from Friday's
13,510,000. There were 337 advancers and 296 decliners.
   Hondo Oil  Gas dropped 4 3/8 to 12 1/8. This week's
Barron's was sharply critical of the company and noted that
Hanifen Imhoff, a Denver securities firm, rated the stock a
"sell." Hanifen Imhoff called Hondo's talks to be acquired by
Devon Energy a measure of how desperate the company is for
cash. Devon gained 12.5 cents to $8.75.
   Earl Scheib jumped 4 to 12 1/2. The company's founder and
chairman died Saturday. Earl Scheib's 37% stake in the auto
body-painting chain will probably be split among his three
sons.