International:
   Early Elections
   Now Appear
   Likely in Israel
   ----
   By Amy Dockser Marcus
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Tehiya leader Yuval Neeman said his faction decided to
leave the government after reading a copy of a plan presented
to the Palestinians during the latest round of Mideast peace
talks that offered limited Palestinian self-rule in a number
of areas, including education, the judiciary and
transportation, according to Israeli press reports. The
factions fear that even the most limited self-rule in the
territories occupied by Israel since the 1967 Mideast war
will eventually lead to an independent Palestinian state.
   After an extra session of talks with the Palestinians and
Jordanians, the Israeli delegation left Washington to return
to Israel yesterday.
   Even before the announcement by the two parties, the
prospect of elections before their scheduled November date
had become increasingly likely. This week, two Parliament
members from Mr. Shamir's Likud Party and the opposition
Labor Party introduced a bill seeking early elections. One of
Mr. Shamir's close advisers, Police Minister Ronni Milo, also
said this week that he favors going early to the polls.
   Israel Radio reported yesterday that Mr. Shamir had
decided to move up the elections, possibly to as early as
May. But a spokesman for Mr. Shamir said the prime minister
has not yet made up his mind.
   Mr. Shamir has several options in addition to early
elections, including resigning and presiding over a caretaker
government, trying to head a minority government until
November or attempting to form a "unity" government with
opposition parties who might lend their support in hope of
advancing the peace process.