International:
   Natwest Says Profit
   Fell Sharply for Year,
   Plans to Cut Staff
But group operating profit before provisions was up 20% to
#2.03 billion. Based on the underlying strengths of the
bank's business, Chairman Lord Alexander said, NatWest held
its dividend unchanged at 11.375 pence a share. After rising
to 325 pence, NatWest shares fell back to 308 pence in late
trading yesterday on the London Stock Exchange, a gain of
five pence from Monday.
   At a news conference, Lord Alexander said 1991 had been "a
hard year" for NatWest, and prospects for 1992 are linked to
economic recovery in the U.K. and the U.S. "We believe that
the fall in the {British} economy has probably ceased, but we
are not yet seeing active signs of recovery," he said. "We
expect signs of recovery in the second half of the year, but
we believe growth will be slow."
   Despite continued economic pressures on corporate and
individual clients, he predicted that 1992 losses on bad
debts would be "significantly below" 1991 levels.
   In preparation for a return to growth, NatWest has stepped
up controls on lending and is reorganizing its management.
Two areas for optimism within the bank are County NatWest
Securities Ltd. and National Westminster Bancorp in the U.S.,
which officials said are expected to return to profit this
year.