Dutch/Shell
   Posts 33% Drop
   In Net for 1991
   ---
   Profit Fell 50% in Quarter
   As Oil Prices Declined;
   Dividend Is Increased
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
On a per-share basis, Royal Dutch Petroleum, the Dutch
portion of the company that holds a 63.63% stake, recorded
1991 net of 9.67 guilders ($5.23), down from 13.98 guilders a
year earlier.
   Shell Transport, the U.K. portion of the company that owns
a 36.37% stake, recorded net of 24.9 pence ($4.40) a share,
down from 39.6 pence a year earlier.
   The company also announced a higher-than-expected full
year dividend of 8.20 guilders, which was up from 7.85
guilders for 1990.
   Although the oil giant reported profit plunged, full-year
sales increased slightly to x74.44 billion from #73.94
billion, before deducting sales taxes, excise duties and
similar levies.
   In the fourth quarter, Royal Dutch/Shell saw sales dip to
#19.53 billion from #21.18 billion a year earlier.
   Earnings from operations in all major sectors of Royal
Dutch/Shell slumped in 1991, but declines were especially
sharp in the chemicals division and in the manufacturing,
marine and marketing division.
   Earnings from operations in the oil and gas exploration
and production division also declined but not as severely, as
Royal Dutch/Shell pumped its highest volumes of crude and gas
at any time since the mid 1970s.
   Royal Dutch/Shell said its exploration and production
results were hammered by a decline in crude oil prices of $4
a barrel on average in 1991 compared with 1990. The drop in
crude prices was particularly noticeable in the fourth
quarter, when crude oil prices plunged $10 a barrel from the
year earlier.
   Although analysts were braced for a poor showing by Royal
Dutch/Shell, the 1991 results were below expectations and
Royal Dutch shares sank 87.5 cents on the New York Stock
Exchange, closing at $75.50.
   "The results are clearly disappointing," said Ed Moes, a
broker with Kempen  Co. in Amsterdam. "With these figures
you are paying 14 times the profit {per share} and that is
quite expensive."
   Despite the lower figures, other analysts saw a silver
lining in the higher dividend.
   Pieter de Bie, a broker with Bank Mees  Hope, called the
dividend "a sweetener," and added: "If they wouldn't have
announced a higher dividend, their share price would have
come under further pressure. It would immediately have
declined to 135.00 guilders."
   He also noted that U.S. investors may bring further
support to Royal Dutch/Shell shares because even though its
results were poor, they weren't as bad as those of other
companies in the sector.