Year-End Review of Stock Markets:
   Business Strengths Aided Hottest Stocks in '91
   ---
   Firms Whose Shares
   Were Top 10 Gainers
   Had Few Competitors
   ----
   By Craig Torres
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
These niche companies also are good bets for 1992, many
analysts say. Economic growth will be sluggish and uneven for
the next two quarters, the pros predict, with big profit
gains in only a few sectors. That means the market probably
will be kinder to sharpshooters than those who make broad
market bets.
   "This will be a recovery {market} where investors will
have to pick and choose their spots, unlike prior recoveries
where you just bought a whole industry group," predicts James
LaTorre, portfolio manager of the Ivy Growth Fund.
   Graham Tanaka, president of Tanaka Capital Management,
defines a true growth company as one that controls its
market, through size or special products. "This is where the
action is going to be," he says.
   How to spot one? Look for some of the 1991 winners'
traits. WMS Industries, the hottest stock of the year, has
70% of the market in coin-operated pinball machines,
estimates Steven Eisenberg, analyst at Oppenheimer & Co.
Similarly, International Game Technology controls about 80%
of the U.S. slot machine market, he estimates.
   Both companies are looking to grab market share in "video
lottery" -- a form of revenue-raising gambling now offered in
several states. Mr. Eisenberg says both companies can produce
video lottery machines at high profit margins.
   Niche companies aren't always monopolies, like the one
company selling bottled water in a drought. Sometimes niche
companies emerge in positions of power like shells on the
beach after waves of turmoil or new trends wash through an
industry.
   Morgan Keegan, Countrywide Credit Industries and Toll
Brothers fit this profile.
   A regional brokerage firm based in Memphis, Tenn., Morgan
Keegan produced record earnings in fiscal 1991 by keeping a
lid on expenses and pushing productivity, according to a
report by Lipper Analytical Securities. Also, the firm's
clients are its neighbors, who aren't courted aggressively by
Wall Street brokers.
   While thrifts are gasping for life and banks are trying to
shrink assets to protect the little capital they have left,
Countrywide Credit expects to grab 3% of the home mortgage
market over the next five years, says Mabon Securities. The
drop in interest rates has sparked a refinancing boom and
boosted Countrywide's loan volume and earnings.
   Home builder Toll Brothers is another company standing
tall while its peers expire. This year's losers' list
includes four companies that got hurt in real estate. Toll
Brothers, however, has been able to retain bank confidence
and financing to keep building projects alive, says Barbara
Allen, senior vice president at Kidder Peabody. Unlike
private builders, Toll Brothers has a cushion of equity
capital and must comply with accounting standards, which
reassures nervous bankers. With many builders credit-starved
or out of business, Ms. Allen expects Toll Brothers to boost
market share in the recovery.
   Despite their astounding gains and lofty price-earnings
ratios, analysts are still recommending stocks such as Toll
Brothers and International Game. But investors may want to
hunt for cheaper issues of companies with niche-like
qualities.
   Mr. Tanaka recommends Telefonos de Mexico, which has a
monopoly on the Mexican telephone system. Mexico's
government, determined to stimulate long-term economic
growth, is giving Telefonos incentives to invest heavily in
its business, Mr. Tanaka says. Using U.S. accounting
standards, Telefonos is trading around 15 times this year's
estimated earnings, Mr. Tanaka says, about even with the
multiple on Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
   Mr. Tanaka also likes Porta Systems, which manufacturers
telecommunications testing and protection equipment. Major
recent customers include British Telecommunications,
Telefonos de Mexico and Nynex. Lately, the company has been
working with less-developed countries that are updating
telephone systems. "This company is a pipeline of U.S.
proprietary products" to overseas markets, Mr. Tanaka says.
He expects earnings to rise to $1.80 a share this year from
about $1.45 a share in 1991.
   Louis Acevedo, managing director at Galleon Capital
Management, says investors might consider Pall Corp., a maker
of specialized fluid filters for everything from beer to
blood. The company has strong exposure to less-competitive
overseas markets. Mr. Acevedo says the company wants to be a
full-time niche player: "Once a filter becomes a commodity,
they sell the business, put the money into research and
development, and develop new filters." He expects the company
to earn $1.64 a share this year, putting the company's market
multiple at around 16.5.
   ---
              Big Board's 10 Best Performers
                                                                                                       

 Common                Closing  Change
 Stock                 Price    From '90   Comment
                                                                                                       

 WMS Industries        27 7/8   +669.0%    Pinball wizard
                                           sets its sights
                                           on the expanding
                                           video lottery
                                           market.
                                                                                                       

 Nutmeg Industries     23 1/8   +537.9     Rising demand for
                                           team logo
                                           sportswear
                                           fattened profits.
                                                                                                       

 ICN Pharmaceuticals   18       +526.1     Hungary permits
                                           marketing of AIDS
                                           drug, Virazole,
                                           and stock soars.
                                                                                                       

 Aileen Inc.           18 5/8   +496.0     Streamlined
                                           manufacturing and
                                           slashed
                                           inventories
                                           produce higher
                                           profits.
                                                                                                       

 Int'l Game Technology 46       +449.3     Slot machine
                                           maker also wants
                                           a chunk of video
                                           lottery market.
                                                                                                       

 Triton Energy         33 3/8   +434.0     Columbia oil find
                                           and a rash of
                                           takeover rumors
                                           send stock
                                           soaring.
                                                                                                       

 Morgan Keegan         22 1/4   +347.8     Bull market
                                           drives investors
                                           to brokerage
                                           stocks,
                                           including

                                           catering to small
                                           investors.
                                                                                                       

 Conseco               61 7/8   +340.0     Insurer defies
                                           skeptics and
                                           successfully
                                           sells stock to
                                           pare debt.
                                                                                                       

 Countrywide Credit    40 5/8   +339.2     Refinancing boom
                                           boosts loan
                                           volume and
                                           profits at this
                                           mortgage baker.
                                                                                                       

 Toll Brothers         11 1/4   +328.6     Home builder's
                                           cushion of equity
                                           capital comforts
                                           banks skittish
                                           about loaning to
                                           private builders.
                                                                                                       

              Big Board's 10 Worst Performers
                                                                                                       

 Southeast Banking     1/8      -97.4      Declares
                                           bankruptcy after
                                           non-performing
                                           loans soar as
                                           Florida
                                           commercial real
                                           estate market
                                           sags.
                                                                                                       

 Midway Airlines       1/8      -96.6      Squeezed by
                                           competition and
                                           fuel costs,
                                           carrier runs out
                                           of cash and files
                                           for bankruptcy.
                                                                                                       

 Koger Property        3/16     -95.2      Tighter bank
                                           lending, high
                                           debt, and a
                                           standstill in
                                           commercial real
                                           estate throws
                                           developer into
                                           bankruptcy.
                                                                                                       

 HomeFed               5/16     -93.7      Charges related
                                           to soured real
                                           estate loans
                                           produced a
                                           massive
                                           third-quarter
                                           loss.

 Nat'l Conv. Stores    3/8      -91.2      Tries to break
                                           into the food
                                           mart business,
                                           but the
                                           competition
                                           proves too
                                           brutal.
                                                                                                       

 Prime Motor Inns L.P. 9/32     -89.8      Price competiton
                                           and a room glut
                                           drives hotel
                                           chain into
                                           bankruptcy.
                                                                                                       

 First City Banc. Texas 9/16    -87.8      Souring loans
                                           afflict Houston
                                           bank with mammoth
                                           losses for first
                                           three quarters.
                                                                                                       

 Orion Pictures        1 7/8    -85.8      Movie making
                                           debts run high
                                           and company files
                                           for bankruptcy
                                           petition as
                                           creditors get
                                           skittish.
                                                                                                       

 Sterling Optical      5/8      -79.2      Eyewear retailer
                                           slims down but
                                           soft sales result
                                           in a Chapter 11
                                           filing at year
                                           end.
                                                                                                       

 Carolco               1 7/8    -77.9      Big spending,
                                           debt-loaded
                                           movie maker runs
                                           out of cash
                                           despite producing
                                           "Terminator 2."
                                                                                                       

                    OTC Best Performers
                                                                                                       

   Common Stock            Closing Price        %Change
                                                                                                       

   Immune Response            39 1/4            +1,265.2
   Waterhouse                 27 1/2            +  759.4
   Liposome Tech.             18 1/2            +  722.2
   EMPI Inc.                  33 1/2            +  720.5
   Lifecore Biomed            27 1/2            +  714.8
   Spartan Motors             19                +  635.6
   Roberts Pharm.             32 1/8            +  604.0
   Magna Int'l                16 7/8            +  575.0
   Viratek                    12 3/8            +  518.8
   Vestar                     18 1/4            +  508.3

                   OTC Worst Performers
                                                                                                       

   Bonneville Pacific           1/32            -   99.1
   Colorocs Corp.               1/32            -   98.8
   Statewide Bancorp            1/16            -   97.6
   Marine Drilling              5/32            -   96.8
   LEP Group (Adr)            1                 -   92.9
   Tech Development              1/4            -   92.3
   E I P Micro                   1/4            -   89.7
   Broadwy Financial             1/4            -   88.9
   USA Bancorp                   1/4            -   88.9
   Unitronix                     3/8            -   86.4
                                                                                                       

                   Amex Best Performers
                                                                                                       

   North Amer. Vaccine        26 1/8            +  703.8
   Ivax Corp.                 38 5/8            +  639.7
   Continental Homes          13 1/8            +  483.3
   Bolar Pharmaceutical       13 1/2            +  468.4
                                                                                                       

                   Amex Worst Performers
                                                                                                       

   Leo's Industries             1/32            -   99.3
   Community Nat. Bancorp       1/16            -   98.0
   Granada BioSciences           3/8            -   96.2
   Telesphere Comm.             3/32            -   95.8
                                                                                                       

   Note: Excludes stocks whose 1990 closing was below $2; OTC
stocks are from Nasdaq National Market System