OTC Focus:
   Index Eases 0.62% Amid Nervousness
   Over Earnings and on Taking of Profits
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
"Everyone jumped into cyclical stocks {that are sensitive
to the economy} with both feet very early," David Alger of
the Alger Small Capitalization Fund said. "Now they're
waiting to see if the earnings come through." In the
meantime, said Mr. Alger, some shares of fast-growing stocks
that drifted lower are beginning to recover. BMC Software,
for example, jumped 1 1/4 to 66 1/4. St. Jude Medical gained
1 to 46 and U.S. Healthcare added 1/2 to 48 1/4.
   Among the day's strongest issues were financial stocks,
where gains were sparked partly by news and rumors of
acquisition proposals. Puget Sound Bancorp jumped 4 1/2 to
35. The company said it has received several proposals
recently regarding the sale of the company. The Tacoma,
Wash., company said the plans are being reviewed by its
board. Among other financial issues, First Commercial Bancorp
rose 1 to 7 1/2, Multibank Financial gained 3/4 to 10 and
Integra Financial jumped 1 3/8 to 35 1/2.
   Society Corp. jumped 2 1/8 to 58 after a C.J. Lawrence
analyst repeated a "purchase" opinion on the stock, citing a
compromise with the Justice Department that should speed
completion of the bank's pending merger with Ameritrust Corp.
Ameritrust jumped 1 1/8 to 37 1/4.
   But computer-related shares, which recently have been
strong performers, fell as investors cashed in some gains.
Dennis Murray, head OTC trader at Dain Bosworth Inc., said a
tug-of-war continues in the market, with selling from
investors taking profits in highflying issues, and buying
from institutions investing money they have received from
mutual fund investors. Among technology stocks, Microsoft
fell 3/4 to 122 1/2, Borland International dropped 2 to 71
1/2, Sun Microsystems fell 1 3/4 to 33 5/8, Intel eased 1 1/8
to 63 3/4 and Novell stumbled 1 1/2 to 58 3/4.
   Computer makers fared poorly after Moody's Investors
Service downgraded $18 billion of International Business
Machines long-term debt. Apple Computer fell 1 3/8 to 65,
Dell Computer tumbled 1 1/8 to 35 7/8 and AST Research eased
1/2 to 21. IBM, listed on the New York Stock Exchange, fell
7/8 to 87 3/8.
   Rumors rocked restaurateur Rally's and Key Centurion
Bancshares -- but Rally's took the most peculiar twist. The
Louisville, Ky., company said that on Tuesday an unidentified
individual, or individuals, tried to manipulate its stock by
spreading rumors that a corporate officer would sell a block
of 250,000 shares that day; the selling then would send the
stock lower. Tuesday, Rally's fell 1 1/2 to 22 1/4.
   Yesterday, Rally's said the rumors were spread to its
Louisville-area restaurants and to brokerage firm Alex. Brown
 Sons. The callers identified themselves as brokers from
several major brokerage houses but, in instances where they
left names, their identities didn't check out. Although
Rally's denied the rumors, its stock eased 1/4 yesterday to
22.
   Takeover speculation sparked a 1-point rise to 17 3/4 in
Key Centurion Bancshares, one of West Virginia's leading
banking companies, Dow Jones Professional Investor Report
said. Company spokesman Larry Stark declined to comment on
the rumors, which named Banc One as a possible suitor. He
declined to say whether the company has received any
expressions of interest. Among other West Virginia banks, One
Valley Bancorp of West Virginia rose 1/2 to 36 1/2.
   OTC volume got a boost from trading in four initial public
offerings. Premier Anesthesia was the most active, closing at
11 3/4, up from its offering price of $11 a share, on volume
of 2.3 million shares. The company, based in Atlanta,
provides anesthesia services to hospitals. Its offering
totaled 2.5 million shares.
   Opta Food Ingredients, another IPO, closed at 12,
unchanged from its offering price. The Cambridge, Mass.,
company had a 1.7 million-share offering.
   Enhanced Imaging edged up to 12 1/4 on its first day of
trading. The company was the subject of a 1.6 million-share
initial offer, priced at $12 share. The Irvine, Calif.,
company provides products and services that produce visual
images.
   Endosonics shares finished at 16 1/2. The Pleasanton,
Calif., company had an initial offer of 2,750,000 shares,
priced at $15 a share. The issue was increased from an
originally planned two million shares and offered above the
expected price range of $11 to $13.
   IDB Communications jumped 2 1/4 to 16. This newspaper
reported that the satellite services company's chairman,
Jeffrey Sudikoff, and its president, Edward Cheramy, each
bought $1 million blocks of IDB stock last month. The
officers said they were betting that the company's new
business of providing long-distance telephone services to the
independent republics of the former Soviet Union will be
increasingly profitable.
   American depositary receipts of Reuters Holding PLC
dropped 4 to 61 after reports late Tuesday of a delay in
testing the information and publishing company's Globex
financial futures trading system. Reuters declined to say why
the test was delayed and when it might be rescheduled.
   Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream dropped 3 3/4 to 31 3/4. The
company said its pretax profit for the first quarter may be
lower than its year-ago level, in part because of costs
related to introduction of its new reduced-fat products. The
Oakland, Calif., company didn't make a specific projection.
In the year-ago period, it had pretax earnings of $3.5
million, and net income of $2.1 million, or 14 cents a share.
   ImmuLogic Pharmaceutical declined 1 1/2 to 17 1/4 after
Merrill Lynch analyst Stuart Weisbrod reportedly downgraded
his long-term rating on the stock. The analyst was said to be
concerned about possible competitive pressures in the allergy
drug market.
   National Western Life gained 2 1/4 to 38 1/4 after the
company reported fourth-quarter net from continuing
operations of $3.38 a share, reversing a year-ago loss from
continuing operations of $2.17 a share.
   ---
   Sandra Ward contributed to this article.