New Stock Listings
The Big Board began trading the following initial
offerings:
   Living Centers of America Inc., Houston, a long-term
medical care services firm, under LCA; Enhance Financial
Services Group Inc., New York, a reinsurer, under EFS; and
Korean Investment Fund Inc., New York, a closed-end
management fund, under KIF.
                                                                                                       

   The following issues, previously traded over the counter,
began trading on the Big Board:
   Value Merchants Inc., Milwaukee, a retailer and wholesaler
of toys, under VMI; and North Carolina Natural Gas Corp.,
Fayetteville, N.C., a natural gas distributor, under NCG.
   The Big Board also began trading Magma Copper Co., Tucson,
Ariz., a producer of electrolytic copper, under MCU. It
previously traded on the Amex.
                                                                                                       

   The Amex began trading Intertape Polymer Group Inc.,
Montreal, a maker of polyolefin plastic packaging products,
an initial offering under ITP.
   The Amex also began trading options of the SP Midcap 400
Index, under MID.
                                                                                                       

   The National Market System of the over-the-counter market
began trading the following initial offerings:
   Buttrey Food  Drug Stores Co., Great Falls, Mont., a food
and drug retailer, under BTRY; Defense Software  Systems
Inc., Mahwah, N.J., a computer software services and products
concern, under DSSI; Dura Pharmaceuticals Inc., San Diego, a
pharmaceutical company, under DURA; First Financial
Corporation of Western Maryland, Cumberland, Md., a bank
holding company, under FFWM; Frame Technology Corp., San
Jose, Calif., a document-publishing software vendor, under
FRAM; International Jensen Inc., Lincolnshire, Ill., a maker
of loudspeakers and components, under IJIN; Meadowbrook
Rehabilitation Group Inc., Emeryville, Calif., a
rehabilitation services firm, under MBRK; Providential Corp.,
San Francisco, which arranges reverse mortgage loans, under
PHIP; Roper Industries Inc., Commerce, Ga., a fluid handling
and industrial controls products firm, under ROPR; ShoLodge
Inc., Gallatin, Tenn., a franchiser of Shoney's Inns, under
LODG; and TNT Freightways Corp., Rosemont, Ill., a regional
general commodities motor carrier, under TNTF.
                                                                                                       

   The following issues began trading on the over-the-counter
market:
   Cel-Sci Corp., Alexandria, Va., a cell culture research
and technology firm, under CELI, for common shares and under
CELIW for warrants; Digital Products Corp., Pompano Beach,
Fla., a maker of house-arrest monitoring devices, under DIPCD
for common shares, DIPWV for Class A warrants and DIPZV for
Class B warrants; and Nahama  Weagant Energy Co.,
Bakersfield, Calif., a natural gas and crude oil exploration
company, under NAWED.
                                                                                                       

   The following issues that have been traded trading on the
Nasdaq System will begin trading on the National Market
System today:
   American Mobile Systems Inc., Woodland Hills, Calif., a
radio dispatch and mobile telephone services firm, under
AMSE; Armstrong Pharmaceuticals Inc., New Canaan, Conn., a
maker of pressurized control pharmaceuticals, under ATPH; and
Comtech Telecommunications Corp., Hauppauge, N.Y., a maker of
electronic systems and equipment, under CMTL.