What's News --
   Business and Finance
Fourth-quarter profits at 615 major U.S. companies sank
34%, according to a Wall Street Journal survey. Results were
bleak in the auto, steel and chemical industries, while
earnings soared at securities companies. In Canada, the total
net losses of 121 corporations widened in the period.
   ---
   Ways and Means panel Democrats agreed on a tax-cut package
that is more generous than expected. The plan includes a
permanent cut in corporate taxes, but some business groups
prefer an investment credit.
   ---
   Producer prices fell 0.3% in January, their sharpest
decline in 10 months. In another sign of economic weakness,
industrial output tumbled 0.9%, its biggest drop in 11
months. The auto industry accounted for much of the decrease
in production.
   ---
   OPEC members pledged to reduce their total oil output by
more than one million barrels a day, but a new accord may be
required within weeks.
   ---
   Dow Corning continues to withhold from the public hundreds
of pages of documents related to the safety of its silicone
breast implants, despite the company's new openness policy.
                                                                                                       

   Breast implant makers are bracing for sharp restrictions
on the use of the devices, saying an FDA panel will hear
skewed testimony this week.
   ---
   Toyota and GM's Saturn raised prices on many models.
Honda, Nissan and Mazda are likely to follow Toyota's lead,
and further price rises by U.S. car makers are possible. The
price boosts contributed to a rally in the stocks of GM, Ford
and Chrysler.
   ---
   Saudi investors reportedly agreed to a joint venture
involving half of the refining and marketing assets of
Petrofina's U.S. unit. The deal would include two Texas oil
refineries and 3,000 service stations in the U.S.
   ---
   LTV and its creditors agreed on terms for its exit from
Chapter 11. Unsecured creditors would get stock in the steel
and energy concern while the U.S. pension guarantee fund
would receive cash, stock and notes. LTV plans to seek union
concessions.
   ---
   Western Germany's economy contracted 0.5% in the fourth
quarter, its third consecutive such decline.
   ---
   Japan's ruling party issued a series of recommendations to
prop up Tokyo's stock market, including calls for increases
in corporate dividends and a review of securities taxes.
   ---
   The dollar fell in Europe yesterday after the Bank of
Japan and the Fed intervened in Tokyo to stem the currency's
rise against the yen.
   ---
   The Treasury decided not to put a government guarantee
behind bonds issued by the SL cleanup agency.
   ---
   The Hibernia oil field's developers are slowing spending
on the $4.38 billion project after one of their partners
withdrew from the consortium.
   ---
   Salomon conceded that its Treasury auction scandal has
badly hurt the securities firm's profitability and its stock
underwriting business, but suggested that the worst is over.
   ---
   A Northrop facility that develops an anti-tank weapon was
raided by the FBI. The nature or scope of the agency's
inquiry wasn't disclosed.
   ---
   Friday's Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 214,840,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3245.97, off 0.68; transportation 1406.20, up 19.99;
utilities 207.81, off 0.31.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4176.48, up 12.49.
   Commodities: Oil $19.46 a barrel, off 22 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.98, up 0.14; spot index 119.24, up 0.19.
   Dollar: 127.90 yen, up 0.25; 1.6260 marks, up 0.0019.