Nissan Described
   As Ready to Name
   Tsuji President
   ----
   By Yumiko Ono
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Tsuji, who is now Nissan's executive vice president in
charge of the production operation group, probably will be
promoted officially in a board meeting following the
company's shareholders meeting in June, the papers said. The
reports added that Yutaka Kume, who assumed the president's
post seven years ago, will become chairman, while Takashi
Ishihara, chairman, will step down to become an adviser. The
top decision-making power will remain with Mr. Kume, the
papers said.
   The Yomiuri Shimbun, Japan's largest daily, said the move
to promote the 64-year-old Mr. Tsuji shows that Nissan has
firmed the basis of a new management policy. Sluggish sales
in recent months have forced Japan's major car companies to
announce changes in sales strategies, including plans to
raise prices of U.S. models and extend the time period in
releasing new models. Mr. Tsuji, who has been involved mainly
in Nissan's production operation division, will have the
expertise to steer the company to take cost-cutting measures
and increase profitability, the paper said.
   Last month, Nissan said it will fall short of its earnings
forecast in the year ending March 31. The company said pretax
profit may fall to about 70 billion yen ($531 million), down
14% from the 80 billion yen Nissan had predicted in October.
A year earlier, Nissan posted pretax profit of 164.75 billion
yen. The company, like other Japanese auto makers, has been
hit by a slowing domestic economy and slumping demand from
overseas markets.