Greyhound Lines
   To Pay Fines Levied
   By Highway Agency
None of the 13 drivers was involved in accidents, said the
spokeswoman, who attributed the problem to the company's
previous policy of allowing new drivers to work after
receiving oral confirmation that they had passed a drug
screening test. "Now, no driver gets behind the wheel with
passengers until his {written} negative drug screen is in our
files at headquarters," she said. "We don't know exactly how
it happened, but it was a mistake and it is not acceptable."
   The spokeswoman said the company would contest 18 other
charges involving alleged discrepancies between driving times
entered on log books and on drivers' pay slips. She said
Greyhound's own reviews hadn't found discrepancies, which
could result in fines of up to $400 for each instance.
   The Federal Highway Administration, which has overall
regulatory responsibility for such coach carriers as
Greyhound, opened an investigation into Greyhound's safety
record and training procedures in August after a series of
accidents involving injuries to Greyhound passengers. The
company replaced 6,000 union drivers with 3,700 new hires
following a strike that began in March 1990.
   A highway administration spokesman said the agency's
review of Greyhound records was complete but the
investigation would remain open pending Greyhound's response
to the agency's complaints.