Harley-Davidson
   Posts Profit Jump;
   Shares Rise 11%
   ----
   By Carlee R. Scott
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Milwaukee concern's shares, battered three months ago
by investor dismay over disappointing third-quarter results
and more recently by concerns over temporary manufacturing
difficulties, were quoted at $53.50, up $5.25, in late New
York Stock Exchange trading yesterday.
   Ron Glantz, an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds in New
York, said the fourth-quarter results "reaffirm that demand
is there." He added that Harley's third-quarter was "a
fluke," and that the company's "good earnings and increase in
shipments reminded people once again that here's a cyclical
company actually earning money."
   The market was "looking for some good news," said Ken
Schmidt, a Harley spokesman.
   The company said its motorcycle division shipped 18,839
units, up 31% from the year-earlier period's shipments. It
said 3,000 of the units were drawn from year-end factory
inventories in response to dealer demand. It cautioned,
however, that the inventory drawdown "will result in a
decrease of first-quarter 1992 unit shipments," Harley said.
   Daniel J. Kapusta, an analyst at Robert W. Baird in
Milwaukee, said that excluding the shipments from the first
quarter will reduce Harley's earnings by about 10 cents a
share in the quarter. But he still expects Harley's
first-quarter earnings to rise to 50 cents from 25 cents a
share.
   At Harley's Holiday Rambler recreational division, sales
rose 18.7%. But the RV operation reported an operating loss
of $6.9 million in the quarter, mostly because of "increased
promotional costs to move products in a soft market and a
charge for the settlement of a product liability lawsuit."
   For the year, Harley earned $37 million, or $2.08 a share,
compared with $37.8 million, or $2.12 a share. Sales rose
8.7% to $939.9 million from $864.6 million.