Abu Dhabi Criticizes
   Price Waterhouse
   For Its BCCI Audits
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Abu Dhabi was particularly critical of testimony by Price
Waterhouse to a House of Commons committee reviewing the BCCI
affair and possible U.K. regulatory changes in its wake.
   "The majority shareholders consider that certain of the
statements about them are grossly misleading and reject the
allegations made," the statement said. The statement didn't
specifically pinpoint what the government found offensive.
   Abu Dhabi maintained that the auditor's testimony "ignores
the efforts" it initiated to investigate BCCI. And it said
that Price Waterhouse's allegations "appear to rely heavily
on information derived from members of the previous
management of BCCI, whose position is such as to make any
reliance on their statements both unjustified and hazardous."
   Price Waterhouse maintained in its testimony largely that
it was the victim of a "scheme of deception" that was
"sophisticated and complex."
   In response to the Abu Dhabi criticism, Price Waterhouse
said it "stands by the evidence we gave" to the Commons
committee last week. And it rejected Abu Dhabi's suggestion
that its testimony was an attempt to deflect criticism for
its handling of BCCI. The firm maintained that it testified
because of a formal query by the committee that it couldn't
legally ignore. A spokeswoman for the firm said she wasn't
able to comment on what testimony Abu Dhabi believes is
misleading.
   BCCI was seized by the Bank of England and other
regulators in July 1991 after a special audit by Price
Waterhouse uncovered evidence of extensive frauds that had
left the bank insolvent. The audit was requested by the Bank
of England.