G-7 Refused Request
   From Russia for Aid
   Totaling $17 Billion
The request was discussed at last month's meeting of the
G-7 finance ministers, but the details hadn't been disclosed
previously.
   At another hearing, Secretary of State James Baker said
any international long-term aid program will be launched only
after international financial institutions have worked out an
economic reform plan. "We are encouraging the leadership of
those institutions to take action and to take action quickly
so that a medium- and long-term plan can be developed and
supported by the G-7 nations, including the United States,"
Mr. Baker told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
   But that panel seemed split on whether the U.S. public is
prepared to support bigger aid efforts for the former Soviet
Union; some on the panel urged the administration to go
farther in helping while others warned there is little public
appetite for aid amidst a recession.
   Mr. Mulford said a stabilization fund, which would help
the Russians turn the ruble into a currency that may be
exchanged on world markets, isn't "the right thing at this
time" because it would have been used primarily by Russians
who want to get their money out of the country.
   Russia also sought aid to help finance imports until it
can increase its exports or borrow on world debt markets.
"Obviously the way to get balance-of-payments support is
through the kind of reforms that they're presently
introducing which will increase the flow of resources to them
in the coming months," Mr. Mulford said.
   Such support usually comes through the International
Monetary Fund. Mr. Mulford said the U.S. hopes Russia will be
a member by June.