France's Deficit
   For '91 Is Larger
   Than Expected
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The 1991 deficit was equivalent to 1.9% of France's gross
domestic product, the total value of goods and services
produced in the country all year. The figure was
substantially below that of the general government borrowing
requirements of France's main trading partners.
   The 1991 budget deficit had initially been set at 80.7
billion francs in the autumn of 1990, but the government was
forced to revise its estimates in mid-year when the economic
upturn failed to materialize in the aftermath of the Gulf
War. France's 1990 budget deficit was 93.4 billion francs,
equivalent to 1.45% of GDP.
   The 1991 deficit was based on growth projections for
French economic activity. In the fall of 1990, when the
budget was drafted, government forecasters were confidently
projecting an inflation-adjusted growth rate of 2.7% for the
year.
   By September 1991, when French Economics Minister Pierre
Beregovoy presented the government's 1992 budget with a
deficit of 89.5 billion francs, the 1991 growth estimate had
been nearly halved to 1.4%. According to latest official
estimates, GDP actually grew by only 1.2% last year.
   The ministry said the revenue side of the budget was 66
billion francs below the projected level. The budget was also
affected by an extra 11 billion francs in payments by the
central government to local authorities and to the European
Community, and a revenue deficit of nine billion francs in
special Treasury accounts.
   The overall revenue deficit of 86 billion francs was
partially offset by 35 billion francs in additional
expenditure cuts and revenue-enhancing measures decided
during the course of 1991.
   The ministry pointed out that the government had fulfilled
its promise not to impose any new taxes, and said the
country's overall tax burden had declined to 15.6% of GDP
from 16.4% in 1990.