New Securities Issues
Chemical Banking Corp. -- $200 million issue of
subordinated notes, due Feb. 15, 2002, was priced as 8 1/2%
at 99 3/8 to yield 8.594%. The noncallable notes were priced
at a spread of 130 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year
note. Rated Baa-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
triple-B by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Prudential Securities Inc. The offering,
Series 1992-38, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage
securities. Settlement is March 27.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Kidder, Peabody
 Co. The offering, Series 1992-39, is backed by Fannie Mae
8% mortgage securities. Settlement is March 30. Further
details weren't immediately available.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300.1 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Goldman, Sachs
 Co. The offering, Series 1992-G18, is backed by Government
National Mortgage Association 10% mortgage securities. The
issue settles March 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $367.5 million issue
of Remic securities is being offered by Salomon Brothers Inc.
The offering, Series FHLMC 202, is backed by Freddie Mac
non-Gold 10% mortgage securities. Settlement is March 27.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $125 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by PaineWebber Inc. The
offering, Series Gold 1225, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 7%
five-year balloon mortgage securities. The issue settles
March 27.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   World Bank (supranational) -- 500 million Swedish kronor
of 10% Eurobonds due March 4, 1997, at an issue price of 101
3/8 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd. Fees 1 5/8 points.
   ABB Finance Inc. (Swedish parent) -- 300 million Swedish
kronor of 11% Eurobonds due March 2, 1994, at an issue price
of 101 1/4 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd. Guaranteed
by Asea Brown Boveri Inc. Fees 1 1/4.