GTE Net Rose 10%
   And Revenue 6.7%
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By John J. Keller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Net income rose to $515 million, or 57 cents a share, from
$467 million, or 52 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue
climbed to $5.23 billion from $4.9 billion, reflecting the
addition of Contel Corp., which GTE acquired last March.
   For the year, earnings fell 7.9% to $1.58 billion, or
$1.75 a share, from $1.72 billion, or $1.93 a share, a year
earlier, reflecting a $204 million charge taken for the
Contel merger. Excluding the one-time charge, GTE said net
would have been $1.7 billion, or $1.92 a share. Operating
profit fell 1.3% to $3.74 billion. Revenue grew 2.4% to
$19.62 billion from $19.16 billion a year earlier.
   GTE's results excluded revenue from its Electrical
Products Group, which comprises the company's Sylvania
lighting business and precision materials such as tungsten
wire and phosphors. In September GTE said it planned to quit
the business through any one of several options including
potentially selling the group, pursuing a tax-free spinoff or
forming a joint venture which it expects to conclude by this
June. While no fourth-quarter revenue figures were available,
the group had more than $2.2 billion in revenue in 1990. The
lighting business's profitability has been hurt by the
economy, which slowed growth at its central customer, the
automobile industry.
   "We were pleased with the continued improvement in the
fourth quarter, particularly by telephone operations and
mobile communications," said GTE's chairman and chief
executive officer, James L. Johnson. "I look forward to
continued growth in 1992."
   Revenue from GTE's local phone business grew 4% in the
quarter to $4.1 billion. Traffic grew 8% last year, and new
phone lines expanded 3%, GTE said. That would indicate better
growth than the regional Bell phone companies, which analysts
said experienced about 2% revenue growth in 1991.
   Cellular revenue grew 30% to $765 million in 1991, GTE
said, while Electrical Products profit fell 43% to $51
million.
   GTE stock was quoted at $31.25 a share, up 25 cents, in
late New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday.