What's News --
   Business and Finance
Japan's economy shrank at a 0.2% annual rate in the fourth
quarter, in its first contraction in 2 1/2 years, reflecting
a weakening in domestic demand. Analysts predict the economy
will shrink again in the current quarter.
                                                                                                       

   Tokyo stocks rebounded Thursday on hopes the government
will cut interest rates to boost the economy. The Nikkei
average advanced 420.78 points, or 2.1%, to close at
20185.09.
   ---
   AMR's American Airlines and Canadian Airlines
International plan negotiations on an alliance that would
call for American to acquire a minority stake in the Canadian
carrier.
   ---
   Heavy trading in Chambers Development stock and options
last week is being probed by the SEC. Volume surged days
before the waste company disclosed an accounting change that
led its share price to plummet. The company said no top
executives sold stock before the announcement.
   ---
   Waste Management pressed ahead with a plan to sell to the
public a 20% stake in the trash hauler's foreign operations
for up to $825 million. The parent's stock rose $1.375 to
$41.875 after slipping in sympathy with Chambers stock's
plunge earlier this week.
   ---
   Coca-Cola gave its chairman, Roberto Goizueta, one million
shares of restricted stock, valued at about $81 million. The
stock award is believed to be the largest ever by any
company. Goizueta would forfeit the stock if he leaves
Coca-Cola before April 1996.
   ---
   Japan tightened its limit on car exports to the U.S. in a
bid to stem U.S. protectionism without hurting its own car
makers too much. Separately, the U.S. trade gap shrank in
January as imports fell faster than exports.
   ---
   A phone service that lets users see the phone numbers of
people calling them violates a state wiretap law,
Pennsylvania's Supreme Court ruled. But the service may be
legal if it lets callers keep their numbers secret.
   ---
   Stock and bond prices climbed amid expectations for a
moderate but sustained economic recovery. The dollar also
advanced. The Dow Jones industrials rose 7.15 points to
3261.40.
   ---
   Short interest declined 4.2% on the Big Board and less
than 1% on the Amex in the latest monthly period.
   ---
   ATT is continuing to offer credit cards with no annual
fees after saying last year it was halting the practice.
   ---
   Coffee prices rose on reports that the Brazilian coffee
industry may bring a unified position to an international
meeting of suppliers in April.
   ---
   Olympia  York withdrew plans to raise $370 million in
London to finance its Canary Wharf development, adding
pressure on the Toronto company to raise cash to meet
obligations.
   ---
   The thrift bailout agency is examining which of its 25
offices to close, saying it doesn't expect to take over a
very large number of SLs this year.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 197,240,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3261.40, up 7.15; transportation 1420.78, up 19.06; utilities
205.12, up 0.50.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4174.16, up 18.31.
   Commodities: Oil $19.29 a barrel, up 22 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.38, up 0.21; spot index 118.29, up 0.15.
   Dollar: 133.56 yen, up 1.21; 1.6705 marks, up 0.0163.