Democrats Criticize
   White House Over
   Clean Air Stance
   ----
   By Rose Gutfeld
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Environmental Protection Agency and the White House
Competitiveness Council are battling over the language of the
regulation, which is already two months late. William
Rosenberg, an assistant EPA administrator, declined to
discuss the rule, except to say that "very intensive
discussions" were under way within the administration.
   Rep. Norman Lent (R., N.Y.) distanced the GOP lawmakers
from the criticism, contending that the Republicans hadn't
participated in preparing two reports that Rep. Waxman
released at the hearing. The reports were "Clean Air Left in
the Lurch," which listed rules that the administration was
late in issuing, and "A Clean Air Case Study: The Saga of
EPA's Permit Rule."
   Mr. Rosenberg also told the lawmakers that EPA
administrator William Reilly has proposed to the White House
several areas where the agency could reduce the costs of
regulations. According to an internal EPA memo, they include
reducing the regulatory burden on small communities and
businesses, increasing incentives for the use of
clean-burning fuels such as natural gas, easing certain
hazardous-waste rules and expanding market-based approaches
to regulation.
   Separately, Chairman John Dingell (D., Mich. ) of the
House Commerce Committee, has written federal agencies asking
for various information on how they will be affected by the
deregulatory initiative.