International:
   British Aerospace
   To Cut 2,350 Jobs
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The cuts are targeted at the group's military aircraft and
civil regional aircraft manufacturing operations, the group
said, adding that it plans to achieve the cuts during 1992
mostly through attrition.
   British Aerospace said 900 jobs are to be cut in the
regional aircraft business and the losses follow a
streamlining of the British Aerospace (Commercial Aircraft)
Ltd. division, effective Feb. 1.
   The division is now made up of British Aerospace Regional
Aircraft Ltd., British Aerospace Corporate Jets Ltd. and
British Aerospace Airbus Ltd.
   "The aviation market is continuing to suffer from the
world-wide recession" and the job cuts are the result of the
company's ongoing organization review to seek improved
efficiencies and increase competitiveness, a company official
said.
   The remainder of the job cuts are in the Military Aircraft
Division of British Aerospace Defence Ltd. and come in the
wake of the recession and world-wide cuts by governments in
defense budgets, the group said.
   British Aerospace will announce its 1991 full-year results
next Wednesday. The group is expected to post a loss of
between #65 million ($117 million) and #85 million ($153
million) for the year. In September, British Aerospace
indicated that pretax profit for 1991 would be about #150
million, before exceptional charges of #225 million to
account for streamlining costs.