International:
   Daiei Begins Offer
   For 35% Holding
   In Chujitsuya Co.
   ----
   By Masayoshi Kanabayashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The bid's success is believed to depend on Shuwa Corp.,
once a high-flying Japanese real estate company. Shuwa, which
owns 30.55 million Chujitsuya shares, or 33.8%, once tried to
take over Chujitsuya in a hostile attempt but failed against
strong resistance from Chujitsuya management and its labor
union.
   The friendly bid for Chujitsuya is considered a formality.
Nearly all the shares that aren't controlled by Shuwa are
believed held by shareholders loyal to Chujitsuya, so bid
negotiations are believed to have included talks between
Daiei and Shuwa over the price of Shuwa's stake. On Friday,
Shuwa declined to comment.
   It isn't known if there has been any agreement between
Shuwa and Daiei. But in late 1990, Shuwa, hard hit by the
continuing real estate slump, turned to Daiei for large-scale
loans and pledged its Chujitsuya shares as collateral.
   Daiei is ready to buy as many as 38 million shares, or
about 42%. The bidding began Saturday and ends Feb. 28.
   The takeover bid involves two of Japan's best-known
corporate executives. Daiei Chairman Isao Nakauchi gained
fame in the 1970, when he startled Japan's retailing industry
by selling low-priced imports and turning his small
Osaka-area business into a national chain. Shuwa President
Shigeru Kobayashi gained international notoriety in the 1970s
by purchasing landmark U.S. office buildings for billions of
dollars.