Nike Net Rose
   17% in Quarter,
   But Stock Falls
   ----
   By Bill Richards
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock
Exchange Nike closed at $70.50, down $3.625.
   In a conference call with analysts Nike said it was
comfortable with full-year earnings estimates of between
$4.25 and $4.40 a share. But the company called analysts'
highest estimate of $4.50 a share for the year "a little bit
rich."
   After yesterday's call several analysts cut their earnings
estimates for fiscal 1992. Willard Brown, an analyst for Dean
Witter Reynolds, who lowered his full-year earnings
projection a dime to $4.40 a share, said the company's
prospects remain strong, however.
   "This company's stock has gone up 75% since June," Mr.
Brown said. "If there's a problem here it is the analysts,
not the company."
   Josie Esquivel, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers,
said she reiterated her buy recommendation after the call.
She called Nike's projection of a 15% increase in footwear
orders for the next five months "significant."
   "There's really no reason for the company's stock to take
this kind of pounding," she said.
   The athletic footwear maker's chairman, Philip H. Knight,
said the company has maintained its 31% market share in the
U.S. and said future orders indicate renewed domestic growth
in the fourth quarter.
   For the nine-month period, Nike said it earned $258.5
million, or $3.38 a share, up from $228.4 million, or $3.01 a
share. Sales rose 12% to $2.56 billion from $2.28 billion.