World Markets:
   Tokyo Share Prices Skid as Selling Pressures
   Spread and Overwhelm Bullish Developments
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Nikkei average of 225 stocks, which lost 234.79 points
Tuesday, finished at 22715.00, down 851.39, or 3.61%, and not
far above the intraday low of 22704.68. Volume was estimated
at a modest 200 million shares, down from 215.4 million
shares a day earlier. Losers outnumbered gainers 897-104, and
104 issues were unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or
Topix, of all first section issues, which fell 16.76 points
Tuesday, shed 53.28, or 3.05%, to 1693.39.
   A weakening yen, a sharp rise in short-term interest rates
and an unsubstantiated rumor of a new political scandal also
contributed to Tokyo stocks' fall.
   The close of the market signaled further bearishness for
Thursday's opening, as futures prices finished down 900, the
limit for a single-day move downward. The final selling
indication was off 910, which could mean further selling on
the cash market from arbitrage pressure.
   The Nikkei index fell 39.08 points Thursday morning,
ending the morning session at 22675.92.
   The stock market's consecutive declines on Tuesday and
Wednesday wiped out almost all of a 1,363.86-point rally in
the previous two sessions, Dec. 30 and last Monday. Both of
those earlier sessions were half-days of trading, and their
rises were fueled by the half-percentage point cut in Japan's
official discount rate to 4.5%, and a rally in the New York
stock market. (Tokyo markets were closed for the New Year
holiday from Dec. 31 through last Friday.)
   On Wednesday, the Bank of Japan called in a large number
of overnight loans to city and regional banks. This led to a
rise in short-term interest rates to 6.5% from 5.3%,
producing a yield large enough to send the bond market into a
tailspin. Stocks followed.
   The net effect on the market was to negate the influence
of a rate-cut rally, said Kathy Matsui, investment strategist
at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Securities (Japan). "This market
isn't going anywhere," she said, adding that, "Everybody was
surprised by the early rate cut." But because of continuing
problems in the slowing Japanese economy, she said, "We're
still expecting two more cuts this quarter." Such a prospect
tends to put investors on the sidelines until at least one
more cut comes.
   Meanwhile, investment trusts are exerting selling
pressure. The trusts, together valued at slightly less than
30 trillion yen ($241.65 billion), are facing widespread
redemptions because most are valued below their initial price
and have thus brought their buyers losses. Ms. Matsui said
70% of them "are under water."
   Fears are widespread that the trusts will put pressure on
the market through the first quarter.
   The market was also beset Wednesday by rumors that a
troubled package-delivery company was about to go out of
business, and that this company's bankruptcy would expose
widespread political payoffs to Japanese political figures,
similar to the 1989 Recruit Cosmos scandal. Many traders
dismissed this rumor, either in fact or effect.
   "People dumped all over the place on this scandal rumor,
but the investing public is tired of scandals," said Brian
Tobin, deputy general manager of equity sales at S.G. Warburg
Securities (Japan). He said that "the market is still ripe
for picking."
   In London, equity prices finished significantly weaker,
though above the day's worst levels, as the year-end rally
continued to unravel. The Financial Times-Stock Exchange
100-share index declined 15.8 points to 2467.1. The FT
30-stock index dropped 18.2 points to 1885.9. Volume was
505.3 million shares, compared with 478.9 million shares a
day earlier.
   Prices were pressured by growing pessimism about Britain's
economic outlook, a weak pound, political worries and the
likelihood of a renewed surge on Wall Street. Shares got an
additional shove lower at midday on news that President Bush
had fallen ill in Tokyo, but prices bounced back on reports
that he had only a stomach virus and as Wall Street erased
initial losses. The 100-stock index traded in a 34-point
range of wide swings indicating a trendless short-term market
direction.
   In Frankfurt, share prices fell broadly. The DAX 30-stock
index gave up 13.72 points to 1578.73. Investors continued to
be reluctant to buy, given economic uncertainties, the Tokyo
market's slide, the London decline and a mixed German bond
market.
   Elsewhere, Sydney stocks slipped after the Australian
government eased monetary policy for the 11th time in two
years; the market had already accounted for the rate cut,
which led to some profit-taking.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British Steel was
unchanged at 69 pence ($1.30). The steelmaker, its profit off
sharply because of weaker demand, confirmed plans to close by
September its giant Ravenscraig plant in Scotland, which
would result in the loss of 1,220 jobs.
   Dixons Group climbed 13, or 6.8%, to 205. The electronics
retailer's pretax profit for the 28 weeks ended Nov. 9
dropped 36% to #17.5 million from a year earlier, because of
a wider operating loss at the company's Silo stores in the
U.S. The results were in the bottom half of analysts'
previous estimates. They exclude the year-end holiday
shopping season, when sales were "well above average" at
Dixons and Currys in Britain but "disappointing" at U.S.
operations, Dixons said.
   BAA skidded 11, or 2%, to 551. The airport management
company said it is holding talks about transferring
management of some of its unprofitable British airport hotels
to outside specialists, but played down news reports that its
Gatwick Airport concession might be up for sale. It didn't
identify the hotel concerns, but didn't deny that they
include Forte and Ladbroke Group. BAA said it intended to
continue ownership of the hotels.
   In Amsterdam, Akzo rose 1.60 guilders, or 1.3%, to 128.70
guilders ($75.66). The chemical concern forecast a difficult
year for its business but said a new corporate management
structure should be in place by May 1993.
   In Manila, despite the market's overall decline, Manila
Electric Class B shares available to foreign investors jumped
9.9% on their first day of trading, closing at 133 pesos
($5.11).
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % 1991
                                   Jan 7     Jan 6    Year

   U.S. ..........................  390.1   390.6    +27.1
   Britain .......................  735.2   737.3    +15.0
   Canada ........................  395.9   397.3    + 7.9
   Japan ......................... 1009.1  1020.4    + 1.5
   France ........................  504.5   506.8    +19.0
   Germany .......................  246.8   248.2    + 9.4
   Hong Kong ..................... 3140.7  3106.8    +44.6
   Switzerland ...................  208.8   209.9    +23.7
   Australia .....................  354.2   356.3    +32.3
   World index ...................  542.1   543.5    +17.5