Harrowston Holds
   Talks About Sale
   Of First City Unit
   ----
   By Suzanne McGee
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Harrowston said that there's no assurance that an
agreement will be reached, and that if one is, "it will be on
terms that will fully protect depositors of the company but
will reflect recent market values of the company's
subordinated debt, preferred shares and common shares."
   Mr. Evans said First City's publicly traded debt,
denominated in Swiss francs, is trading at about $8 per $100
face value. He said publicly traded preferred shares are
trading at 5% of their par value. The common isn't publicly
traded.
   First City reported heavy losses last year at its
equipment leasing operations and from the sale of a portfolio
of marketable securities that it had held. In the nine months
ended Sept. 30, First City Trustco Inc., which holds a 99.9%
equity interest in First City and is in turn 90%-owned by
Harrowston, reported a loss of 131.3 million Canadian dollars
(US$114.9 million), or C$4.98 a share. Since then, Mr. Evans
said, it has been out of compliance with regulatory rules
regarding capitalization.
   First City has been seeking for months to improve its
capital position through the sale or merger of the concern or
through a recapitalization proposal.
   Harrowston, formerly First City Financial, reported its
own losses in 1990 and 1991, and wound up with a heavy debt
load. A restructuring approved by bondholders and
shareholders late last year cut the Belzberg family's 80%
controlling interest in the concern to only 15.2%.