Citicorp, Wells Fargo, Security Pacific
   Post Big Losses for the Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Security Pacific Corp. reported a $409 million loss, a
clear indication that the bank's loan problems are worse than
many analysts expected until recently.
   Wells Fargo  Co. posted a $231 million deficit, mainly
because of the slump in California real estate. The results
were in line with earlier projections by both banks.
   Meanwhile, Norwest Corp. posted record 1991 earnings on
the strengths of its home mortgage unit and a decline in
problem assets. Shawmut National Corp., despite high levels
of bad real estate loans, still recorded a slight profit.
   Bank stocks fell across the board yesterday, with most
banks that reported earnings slipping. Citicorp fell to
$13.875 a share, down 62.5 cents, in New York Stock Exchange
composite trading. Wells Fargo tumbled to $64.75 a share,
down $2.375. Security Pacific fell 87.5 cents to $32.625 a
share. Norwest slipped 62.5 cents to $34.50, while Shawmut
fell to $9.875, down $1.375.
                                                                                                       

   Citicorp
                                                                                                       

   Citicorp was weighed down by the continued high costs for
problem assets in consumer and real estate portfolios,
setting aside more than $1 billion for problem loans. Still,
the nation's largest banking company has made significant
headway in slashing its cost base through layoffs and
attrition.
   In an interview, John S. Reed, chairman and chief
executive officer, said that write-downs of troubled loans in
commercial real estate would stay high in 1992.
   With the real estate examinations by bank regulators
complete, Mr. Reed said the level of commercial real estate
writeoffs will be dependent on the economy at least for the
next few quarters. While he was optimistic about the bank's
ability to cut costs, "the greatest concern we have is the
U.S. economy," Mr. Reed said. He has seen no evidence that
the economy has turned the corner, although the reduction in
interest rates should help. The bank would likely continue to
charge off around $500 million a quarter in consumer loans,
Mr. Reed said, noting the "tight" relationship between the
nation's unemployment rate and the level of consumer losses.
He added that Citicorp, the nation's largest issuer of credit
cards, has "continually" tightened its credit standards over
the past 12 to 18 months.
   Citicorp also announced that H. Onno Ruding, a leading
former financial minister of the Netherlands, will join the
bank as a vice chairman in March. Mr. Reed and Mr. Ruding,
who participated in the interview, expressed some optimism
that commercial real estate values are close to stabilizing.
Mr. Reed, who said last year that commercial real estate
prices would decline 35% from peak to trough, said "we're
substantially there." As a positive sign, he pointed to
increased willingness of buyers to purchase distressed
properties.
   Because the banking concern shrunk in the quarter through
asset sales and other means, its level of equity capital
relative to its assets rose slightly to 3.70%, but still
doesn't meet the international capital standards that go into
effect by the end of 1992. Mr. Reed said the bank wouldn't
meet the 4.0% core equity capital standards by the end of the
first quarter, but would "by the middle of the year."
   The bank has successfully begun to prune its costs. Total
operating expenses fell 17% in the fourth quarter from the
year-earlier period to $2.65 billion. It cut an additional
4,000 employees in the fourth quarter, and total personnel
stands at 86,000, down from 95,000 a year ago.
   "The efficiencies are getting tremendously better," said
Frank DeSantis, an analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette.
                                                                                                       

   Security Pacific Corp.
                                                                                                       

   Security Pacific said the wider-than-expected losses
wouldn't alter plans to merge with BankAmerica Corp., which
is providing a timely assist for its weakened California
competitor.
   Problem assets soared 9.5% to $4.38 billion from $4.0
billion, and net credit losses in the just-ended quarter were
$549 million, which means that loan losses totaling $926
million were taken or provided for in the period's
housecleaning.
   Robert Smith, Security Pacific's chairman, said in a
statement that problem assets "will continue at high levels,
while net credit losses are anticipated to be below recent
levels" during the current quarter.
   For all of 1991, it had a staggering loss of $774.5
million, or $6.37 a share, compared with net income of $161.3
million, or $1.03 a share, in 1990.
                                                                                                       

   Wells Fargo  Co.
                                                                                                       

   For the full year, net income at the banking company
plunged 97% to $21 million. The profit drop and a previously
reported 50% cut in its quarterly dividend, to 50 cents a
share, stem mainly from intense regulatory pressure to build
reserves during a pronounced slowdown in California's
economy. In a veiled reference of regulatory zeal, Wells
Fargo noted that fully half of its loans that are classified
as nonperforming are actually paid up on interest and
principal. While few other big banks provide details on their
problem loan portfolio, Wells Fargo now has an "inordinately
high" percentage of so-called performing nonperforming loans,
said Donald Crowley, an analyst with Keefe, Bruyette  Woods
Inc.
   Moreover, bad-loan reserves taken by Wells Fargo in 1991
nearly doubled to $1.65 billion from $885 million during the
previous year. Reserves of $700 million in the fourth quarter
alone lifted the bank's cov erage of bad loans to 83%,
compared with a third-quarter ratio of 63%. An average for
the nation's top 25 banks was 65% as of the end of the third
quarter, according to Montgomery Securities.
                                                                                                       

   Norwest Corp.
                                                                                                       

   Norwest, based in Minneapolis, said the record 1991
results reflect strong financial results from essentially all
of its business units. The bank holding company said Norwest
Financial and Norwest Mortgage were "especially strong" and
recorded earnings increases of 16% and 84%, respectively.
   The company also said 1991 per-share net income was at a
record level despite being reduced by 24 cents a share for
increases in Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. premium rates
for the issuance of $530 million of preferred and common
stock since December 1990.
   Norwest said in 1991 nonperforming assets fell by $148.2
million to $367.6 million. Its provisions for credit losses
in the quarter declined to $60.9 million from $146.3 million.
The 1990 amount includes special provisions at United Banks
of Colorado.
                                                                                                       

   Shawmut National Corp.
                                                                                                       

   Shawmut said that its asset quality strengthened in the
period, with non-accru ing loans declining by $92.4 million
for the latest quarter and $412.9 million for the full 1991
year. That decline yields a ratio of non-accruing loans and
foreclosed properties to total loans and foreclosed
properties of 9.5%, the first time the ratio has been below
10% since the 1990 third quarter, Shawmut said.
   The Hartford, Conn., bank holding com pany said its
results included $6.4 million of costs associated with the
recently terminated merger discussions with Bank of Boston
Corp.
   Non-interest expenses, net of foreclosed properties
expenses and federal deposit in surance premiums, fell to
$821.6 million in 1991 from $869.6 million in 1990. Also in
the fourth quarter, Shawmut recognized securities gains of
$58 million, compared with $7.3 million a year earlier. For
the year, securities gains were $78.2 million, compared with
$26.2 million for 1990.
   ---
                         1991               1990
                      in      per       in        per    %
                   millions  share   millions    share  chg.
                                                                                                       

                 FOURTH QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 Citicorp .........  -$133   -$0.53   - $382     -$1.26  ..
 Security Pacific .  - 409.2 - 3.28   -  357.6   - 3.15  ..
 Wells Fargo ...... a- 231   - 4.59      157.0     2.91  ..
 Norwest ..........    108.9   0.78   -   27.8   - 0.24  ..
 Shawmut ..........     b2.4   0.02   -  215.7   - 2.94  ..
                                                                                                       

   a-Includes a pretax loan-loss provision of $700 million.
b-Includes a $6.4 million charge resulting from termination
of its merger talk with Bank of Boston Corp.
                                                                                                       

                            YEAR
                                                                                                       

 Citicorp-a .......  -$457   -$1.89     $458      $0.99
 Security Pacific .    774.5 - 6.37      161.3     1.03
 Wells Fargo ......     21.0   0.04     b712.0    13.39 - 97
 Norwest ..........    398.5   2.95     c110.6     0.89  260
 Shawmut ..........  - 170.7 - 2.35      133.0   - 1.84
                                                                                                       

   a-Reflects a gain of $457 million in 1991 and $140 million
in 1990 from the cumulative effective of accounting changes.
b-Includes a gain of $69 million from the formation of Wells
Fargo Nikko Investment Advisors, a joint venture with Nikko
Securities Co. c-Restated to reflect operation of United
Banks of Colorado, acquired in April 1991.