Ernst  Young Sued
   Over Role in Collapse
   Of Private Insurer
Ernst  Young was the auditor for the Rhode Island Share 
Deposit Indemnity Corp., whose reserves were severely
depleted following the failure of Heritage Loan  Investment
Co., a small bank whose president disappeared along with
millions of dollars from the bank.
   Risdic, as it was known, went out of business following
runs on deposits at other credit unions and small banks,
prompting Rhode Island Gov. Bruce G. Sundlun to close its
45-member institutions in January 1991.
   Although many of the institutions have since reopened with
federal deposit insurance, some of the largest, with hundreds
of millions of dollars in depositors' money, remain closed.
   The suit, which seeks class-action status, was filed in
state Superior Court here. It alleges that Ernst  Young was
negligent for not discovering and disclosing serious
irregularities in loan practices and insufficient
documentation at Risdic. The suit was filed on behalf of
depositors in nine of Risdic's 35 credit unions, receivers of
those credit unions, the state Attorney General's office, and
a state agency seeking depositors' money.
   Mort Meyerson, a spokesman for Ernst  Young, said the
company's role as auditor "in many instances was severely
limited by state requirements which called for audits not on
a yearly basis but every three years. In fact, a number of
companies had not been audited for well over a year preceding
the collapse."
   Ernst  Young was also auditor for some of the Risdic
member institutions, but it said that it didn't "do any work
for Heritage where a massive embezzlement also contributed to
the crisis."
   The accounting firm said the lawsuit was "misdirected,"
asserting that state auditors had a "more pointed role . . .
of assuring the safety of these institutions."