Scan-Graphics Inc.
   Hopes Placement
   Leads to Upturn
   ----
   By Suein L. Hwang
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But Scan-Graphics didn't emerge unscathed in the fourth
quarter. Michael A. Mulshine, director of corporate
development, said the company expects to report a
fourth-quarter net loss of $491,000, or nine cents a share,
compared with a yearearlier loss of $262,639, or five cents a
share based on shares outstanding before the private
placement. Much of the loss was attributed to costs of
$162,000 in retroactive salaries and $352,000 for special
bonuses to top executives that had been promised earlier.
   "A number of people worked a very long time at very low
levels of income," said Mr. Mulshine, who held a 7% stake in
Scan-Graphics before the placement and remains its second
largest shareholder. Before the charges, the company had net
income of $23,060, equal to zero per-share earnings. Sales in
the fourth quarter rose 28% to $1.2 million from $963,000.
   For the full year, the company expects to report a net
loss of $844,000, or 16 cents a share, compared with a loss
of $1 million, or 36 cents a share, in 1990. Sales rose 56%
to $3.8 million. Mr. Mulshine predicted 1992 annual sales of
between $8 million and $10 million and net in the $1.6
million to $2 million range. Revenue in the first quarter is
predicted at between $1 million and $1,750,000.
   Significant profit would mark a turnaround for
Scan-Graphics, which plowed much of its revenue back into
research and product development in past years. But Mr.
Mulshine said most of the necessary investments have already
been made for the company to commercialize its large-document
image scanners and software. Large-document imaging deals
with computerized imaging, storing and retrieving of
oversized documents, particularly such items as engineering
plans or architectural drawings.