International:
   Nestle Gets Boost
   As French Agency
   Criticizes Perrier
   ----
   By E.S. Browning
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Nestle is battling Italy's Agnelli family for control of
Perrier. The Agnellis, who control the auto company Fiat
S.p.A., are making a friendly, indirect bid for Perrier. They
are in the process of acquiring control of a holding company,
Exor S.A., that in turn controls and manages Perrier. But
Exor controls only 35% of Perrier shares, and last month
Nestle submitted a hostile bid for all of Perrier.
   The COB statement criticizes Perrier management for
failing for years to publish adequate information about who
controls the company. But that criticism predates the Agnelli
involvement. On the more germane question of how Perrier is
defending itself against Nestle, the COB was circumspect.
   At issue is the purchase last month of a 13.8% Perrier
stake by Saint Louis S.A., a French food group allied with
the Agnellis. The purchase bolstered the Agnelli stake. But
Nestle is challenging that sale in court, arguing that it
came after Nestle had indicated its interest in Perrier.
   The COB said Saint Louis actually had been negotiating the
purchase for weeks. The COB said it couldn't determine
exactly when a decision to buy the shares was made, or if
Exor and Saint Louis held privileged information about
Nestle's takeover plans at the time of the sale. The Exor
spokesman said that effectively lifts charges of insider
trading.
   But the COB did say that for technical reasons involving
the timing of certain support documents, the share sale to
Saint Louis might be subject to court challenge. It didn't
take action itself but transmitted its findings to French
court officials.