NCNB, CS/Sovran
   Debt Is Downgraded
Moody's said it also downgraded the ratings of CS/Sovran
Corp. and Sovran Bank and confirmed the deposit ratings of
the Citizens  Southern National Banks of Georgia and South
Carolina. More than $2 billion of debt is affected, it said.
   Dick Stilley, a spokesman for NationsBank, said that
several other rating agencies recently confirmed their
existing ratings for NationsBank. "They were all comparable
{to one another} and all higher than Moody's. We think that
says Moody's is out of step with the market and the other
ratings more accurately reflect the company's financial
condition."
   Moody's said the changes reflect "the likely constraints
on profitability and capital formation imposed by the
work-out process for the companies' very large aggregate
commercial real estate exposures in problem markets,
especially Virginia and Florida." Moreover, it said the
company faces uncertainties in consolidating and
rationalizing the enormous network of operations at
NationsBank.
   Moody's said NCNB's senior debt was lowered to single-A-3
from single-A-2 and subordinated debt to Baa-1 from
single-A-3 while commercial paper was lowered to Prime-2 from
Prime-1. It said CS/Sovran Corp.'s senior debt was lowered
to Baa-1 from single-A-3 and its subordinated debt lowered to
Baa-2 from Baa-1. It said the long-term deposit and
letter-of-credit ratings for NCNB National Bank of North
Carolina, NCNB National Bank of Florida, and NCNB Texas
National Bank were lowered to single-A-1 from double-A-3. The
long-term deposit and letter of credit ratings for Sovran
Bank were lowered to single-A-2 from single-A-1.