CP Forest Cuts
   Mill Operations,
   Sets '91 Charge
   ----
   By G. Pierre Goad
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
CP Forest's moves weren't a surprise, though analysts said
the cuts are deeper and the charge somewhat bigger than
expected. On the Toronto Stock Exchange CP Forest closed at
C$24.75, down 12.5 Canadian cents. Canadian Pacific Ltd.,
which owns 80% of CP Forest, rose 12.5 cents to $15.625 in
late New York Stock Exchange trading.
   A CP Forest spokeswoman said that, including the charge,
the company expects to report a 1991 loss of about C$575
million. For the first nine months of 1991, CP Forest had a
loss of C$107.5 million, or C$2.44 a share, on revenue of
C$1.48 billion. The nine-month loss included a gain of C$57.7
million on the sale of the company's tissue business. The
company's estimate for the full year indicates that,
including the C$375 million charge, CP Forest expects to
report a fourth-quarter loss of about C$467.5 million.
   CP Forest said that it will shut its Trois-Rivieres,
Quebec, mill in June. The mill, which is losing money, has
annual capacity of 330,000 metric tons and makes high-grade
newsprint. CP Forest said the mill and related operations
have about 1,500 employees. A metric ton equals 2,204.62
pounds.
   The company said it will shut two newsprint machines at
its Dalhousie, New Brunswick, mill this year. A spokeswoman
said the date hasn't been determined. The shutdown of the two
older machines will result in the dismissal of about 400
employees. The mill, which makes standard-grade newsprint,
will continue to operate two newer newsprint machines. CP
Forest said shutting the two old machines will reduce the
mill's capacity by 130,000 metric tons to 215,000 metric
tons.
   CP Forest said that costs related to the shutdown account
for about C$225 million of the C$375 million charge. The
company said that the write-down of the value of its
paperboard and packaging mills, most of which are for sale,
accounts for the remainder of the charge.