Squabble Forces
   47th Street Photo
   Into Chapter 11
   ----
   By Lourdes Lee Valeriano
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Nevertheless, an attorney for 47th Street Photo conceded
that the retailer will post about a $1 million loss from
operations for 1991 on revenue of about $200 million. He
insisted, however, that "we wouldn't have had a serious cash
flow problem" if Transamerica hadn't been pressing the
company for payment.
   By all definitions, the company has had a messy year.
Revenue is down from about $250 million five years ago.
Abraham Weiss, a financial consultant to 47th Street Photo,
said the company has been hurt not only by the slow economy
but also by the sharp drop in consumer electronics prices.
   In addition, 47th Street Photo has had to grapple with
poor real estate investments and state investigations into
back sales taxes. It also is embroiled in a nasty legal fight
with Joseph Fisher, a former consultant and confidant of
Irving Goldstein, its owner and president. Marvin Neiman, the
attorney for 47th Street Photo, said that the Chapter 11
petition has put the dispute on hold.
   The company said it would have had these problems under
control if not for the tangle with Transamerica.
   According to the Chapter 11 filing, 47th Street has $57.2
million of liabilities and $30 million of assets. Its biggest
creditor is New York state, owed $10.8 million in back sales
taxes. Transamerica is the second largest creditor with $7.2
million. Among vendors, Sony Corp. with $3.8 million appears
to be the largest creditor.