Technology:
   Unisys Agrees to Pay
   At Least $18 Million
   To Settle 17 Lawsuits
Unisys will pay $3 million to settle two derivative suits
in Delaware that shareholders filed against various Unisys
directors on behalf of the company. The company said it will
pay $15 million to settle 15 class action suits filed in
Pennsylvania federal court. The company may pay a further $5
million on the class-action suits depending on, among other
things, its financial results through 1994.
   The company said its insurance will cover much of the
payments but wasn't specific. Unisys closed at $9.875, down
25 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
Friday.
   Unisys denied any wrongdoing by its officers or directors,
saying it settled the suits "to remove an element of
uncertainty, to save the expense of prolonged litigation and
to free management from the disruption required by a lengthy
defense."
   The company last year finally settled with the government
concerning its role in the "Ill Wind" defense procurement
scandal by agreeing to pay $190 million, and has wanted to
put other legal issues behind it.
   Unisys, after huge losses in 1989, 1990 and the first nine
months of 1991, managed a respectable profit in the fourth
quarter of last year. Last week, it predicted a small profit
for the first quarter and reiterated that it expects to be
profitable for the full year.