Economy:
   Mortgage Rates
   Rose Sharply
   In Latest Week
   ----
   By Mitchell Pacelle
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"I don't think rates are going to continue to go upward,"
said David Berson, chief economist for the Federal National
Mortage Association, the nation's largest buyer of loans in
the secondary market. "But I don't think they will correct
back down."
   "It's our view that we are now bouncing around at the
cyclical bottom on mortage rates," said Richard Peach, deputy
chief economist of the Mortgage Bankers Association.
   Most primary lenders set their rates according to
secondary-market rates set by Fannie Mae and its
secondary-market competitor, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.
Both firms adjust their rates according to prices that
mortgage-backed securities fetch in the secondary market.
Price movements usually parallel movements in the long-term
government-bond market, which has experienced a sell-off over
the past four days.
   Because mortgage lenders have been swamped with
refinancing activity over the past several months and are
handling all the applications they can, they may be more
willing to raise rates, according to HSH's Keith Gumbinger.
   Few economists, however, expect rates to move up much more
until the economy improves significantly.
   Mr. Gumbinger suggested that the government-bond market is
probably being hurt by movement of money into stocks.
   "We're telling folks {homeowners} not to panic," he said.
"We've got a little blip. But as money washes back into
bonds, they {mortgage rates} will ease back down again."
   "Lenders aren't unhappy that rates are going up," he
added. "They need a respite here."