Ametek to Report
   Up to 27% Increase
   In 4th-Quarter Profit
The company expects to report that sales rose about 8% to
to $182.7 million from $169.1 million a year earlier.
   For the year, Mr. Blankley expects Ametek to post earnings
of 86 cents or 87 cents a share, or a total of $37.6 million
to $38.1 million. In 1990, Ametek earned 85 cents a share, or
a total of $37.3 million. Sales increased approximately 8% to
about $714.5 million from $660.7 million.
   Mr. Blankley said that 1992 "looks very good to us," as
demand for electric motors, water filters and safety and
emission-related instruments is increasing. "Profitability
will continue to show improvement" this year, he said.
   The executive credited improvement in the
electro-mechanical and industrial materials segments for the
stronger results. The electro-mechanical segment, which makes
motors that move air for products like vacuum cleaners,
blowers and copiers, was able to expand its product line and
open up new markets. That segment represents about 35%, or
$250 million, of the company's annual sales.
   The industrial materials segment, which accounts for about
22% of sales, or about $155 million, makes high temperature
silica fabric, specialty metals and water filters.
   Ametek is ready to grow through acquisitions in businesses
similar to those it is currently in, Mr. Blankley said. He
said Ametek could buy a company with as much as $110 million
in sales.