Business Brief:
   Oryx Energy Has `Significant' Discovery
   Of Oil and Natural Gas in Gulf of Mexico
"We estimate gross potential reserves at 100 million to
200 million equivalent barrels, making this our top priority
in the Gulf," said Robert L. Keiser, president and chief
operating officer of Oryx.
   Oryx said it owns a 50% working interest in the four-block
area that includes Garden Banks 215 South and 259 through
261. Amerada Hess Corp. owns the other half. Oryx said it
also owns an interest in several adjacent blocks with other
partners.
   Separately, Oryx reported a loss of $40 million, or 54
cents a share, for its 1991 fourth quarter, after a $35
million restructuring charge and $22 million in losses on
asset sales. The results compare with year-earlier net income
of $140 million, or $1.61 a share, including a $50 million
gain on asset sales. Revenue fell to $370 million from $763
million, primarily because of sharply lower oil and gas
prices.
   For the year, Oryx said net income was $19 million, or
eight cents a share, including the restructuring charge and
gains of $39 million on asset sales. For 1990, the company
reported net income of $225 million, or $2.26 a share, with
$53 million in gains. Revenue for the year dropped to $1.6
billion from $2.1 billion.
   At a presentation to analysts in New York yesterday, Oryx
executives said its spending on exploration, development and
acquisition activities will drop to $380 million in 1992 from
the $569 million it spent in 1991. The company also plans to
cut its costs to about $1.36 billion in 1992, a 15% decrease
from the $1.6 billion in total costs in 1991.
   In 1991, Oryx reduced its debt to $2.36 billion from $2.92
billion and plans to cut debt to less than $2 billion in
1992.
   Oryx shares closed at $25, up 25 cents, and Amerada Hess
at $46, off 62.5 cents, both in New York Stock Exchange
composite trading.