World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Advance, but Equities
   In London and Frankfurt Are Weaker
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Friday, the Nikkei index rose 149.61 points to close
the morning session at 22254.53.
   Thursday's first-section volume was estimated at 200
million shares, about the same level as Wednesday's 198.5
million shares. Gainers outnumbered decliners, 626-347.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index of first section issues rose
5.20 points to 1631.25 after falling 2.81 points Wednesday.
   The market was supported by steady buying of
lower-capitalized shares. Reduced fears of a market plunge
encouraged bargain-hunting. However, semiconductor-related
shares fell on expectations of sharp declines in their pretax
profits for the year ending March 31.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index, which dropped 9.7 points Wednesday, lost 12.8 points
to 2534.3. The FT 30-stock index was down 9.7 points to
1961.2 after a 7.8-point fall Wednesday. Volume totaled 546.2
million shares, up from 491.8 million a day earlier.
   Trading was dull, with little fresh news to rouse the
market from its torpor. Many investors are on the sidelines,
awaiting the stream of year-end company earnings reports due
at mid-month and next month's fiscal 1993 U.K. budget.
   Worries about the timing and outcome of the next general
election as well as the state of the economy continued to
undermine the market.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index finished at its
intraday low of 1681.13, down 5.49 points, after a rise of
10.22 points Wednesday.
   A promising opening rally didn't last. The bellwether
index reversed direction early in the session after it hit
1702.69, its highest intraday level so far this year. A
newspaper report that luxury auto maker Mercedes-Benz, a unit
of Daimler-Benz, plans to trim production this year soured
the market's mood.
   In Sydney, heavy selling pushed the market to its lowest
level since Christmas as the All Ordinaries Index dropped
0.5%. Many investors are nervous about the absence of any
fresh signs of recovery and about a government economic
statement planned for Feb. 26.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British Aerospace
fell 2 pence to 284 pence ($5.15). The aerospace concern,
Britain's largest manufacturing group, said it will shed 450
jobs at three missile plants in the United Kingdom to try to
cut costs.
   In Frankfurt, Daimler-Benz fell 5.50 marks to 744.50 marks
($470.75). Its Mercedes-Benz unit said it plans to trim
passenger-car production in 1992 from 1991 but didn't release
any numbers. The luxury auto maker was responding to a German
newspaper report that its 1992 car production will drop by
about 3% to 548,000 vehicles. In its statement, Mercedes said
it couldn't rule out "possible impacts on employment" at its
flagship plant near Stuttgart.
   In Paris, Michelin surged 7 French francs, or 4.5%, to a
13-month high of 164 francs ($30.45), giving it a 7.8% gain
in two days. Traders said two brokerage concerns were heavy
buyers of Michelin stock Thursday. Michelin officials said
they knew no reason for the buying interest, but some
analysts said there is speculation that the tire group is
waiting for the share price to rise above 180 francs before
it taps the market for fresh capital.
   Michelin's share price almost doubled in 1991 on market
perceptions that the group's financial recovery is on track.
The company has said it expects to return to profitability in
1992.
   In Amsterdam, KLM finished at 39.60 guilders ($22.25),
down 0.90, or 2.2%. The airline posted a net loss of 8.6
million guilders ($4.8 million) in its third quarter ended
Dec. 31, much narrower than its year-earlier loss of 213.9
million guilders. On a per-share basis, the net loss was 0.21
guilder, compared with 4.05 guilders.
   In Stockholm, Ericsson B shares plunged 4 kronor, or 3.3%,
to 118 kronor ($20.53). The telecommunications group said it
will shrink its Ericsson Telecom AB unit by 1,000 employees
this year. The cuts are part of a plan announced last fall to
reduce the group's work force by about 2,000 world-wide in
1992, an Ericsson spokesman said.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                    Feb 5    Feb 4     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ...........................   387.3    387.4   -  0.8
 Britain ........................   754.1    756.1   +  2.3
 Canada .........................   407.3    409.2   +  2.9
 Japan ..........................   940.9    944.0   -  4.9
 France .........................   527.0    524.3   +  5.3
 Germany ........................   260.8    259.6   +  7.2
 Hong Kong ......................  3416.2   3416.2   + 10.4
 Switzerland ....................   218.3    217.0   +  6.5
 Australia ......................   340.3    339.7   -  3.1
 World index ....................   527.7    527.0   -  1.4