What's News --
   Business and Finance
The dollar soared against the mark. Stocks rose, with the
Dow Jones industrials gaining 5.59 to a record 3209.53. Bond
prices eased.
   ---
   Sears Roebuck faces escalating unrest from shareholders
and employees who want the company to consider, among other
things, selling its successful financial services units.
   ---
   U.S. trade officials endorsed a GATT proposal that would
vastly expand the organization's reach and would liberalize
agricultural trade.
   ---
   J.P. Morgan, Chemical and Barnett posted encouraging
quarterly results, buoyed by lower interest rates and a
leveling-off of problem loans.
   ---
   Chevron is mulling cost-cutting moves at its Port Arthur,
Texas, refinery including possibly halting fuel production
and laying off most of the plant's workers, union officials
said.
   ---
   USX plans to shut a century-old Chicago steel plant, which
employs 690, after determining that an employee buy-out
wasn't feasible.
   ---
   Salomon Brothers' illegal activities in Treasury auctions
probably didn't enable it to profit in other markets, a new
SEC report contends.
   ---
   Advanced Micro posted big profits for the last quarter and
the year on heavy sales of a new line of computer chips that
mimic those of rival Intel.
   ---
   Citicorp sold 25% of its stake in the profitable Saudi
American Bank as part of its asset disposition plan to raise
much-needed capital.
   ---
   Revco's field of potential acquirers narrowed as Rite Aid
dropped out of the competition and creditors unified behind
Jack Eckerd.
   ---
   O'Connor Partnerships and Swiss Bank agreed to combine the
options-trading firm with the bank's capital markets and
Treasury sector.
   ---
   Apple Computer plans to roll out new products that will
compete in the areas of video games, electronic organizers
and cellular phones.
   ---
   The NASD will launch on Jan. 20 an early-hours,
computerized system that will allow brokerage firms in the
U.S. and London and their customers to trade large U.S.
stocks.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks rose on buying tied to index-related
arbitrage. The Nikkei gained 398.64, or 1.75%, to 23113.64.
   ---
   Nova Scotia plans to raise $348 million by selling a 57%
stake in the province's electricity utility to the public
through a share offering.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 291,780,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3209.53, up 5.59; transportation 1367.53, off 12.89;
utilities 218.89, off 2.75.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4356.15, off 10.61.
   Commodities: Oil $17.86 a barrel, off 1 cent. Dow Jones
futures index 121.49, up 0.44; spot index 112.44, off 0.07.
   Dollar: 125.81 yen, up 1.46; 1.5590 marks, up 0.0515.