New Securities Issues
Ford Motor Credit Co. -- $400 million of notes, due Jan.
15, 1999, priced at par to yield 8%. The noncallable notes
were priced at a spread of 151 basis points above the
Treasury's when-issued seven-year note. Rated single-A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard &
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led
by Goldman, Sachs & Co. Ford Motor Credit is the finance arm
of Ford Motor Co.
   Associates Corp. of North America -- $300 million of
notes, due Jan. 15, 1997, priced as 6 7/8% at 99 5/8 to yield
6.965%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 94
basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A-minus by S&P, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody &
Co. Associates Corp. is a subsidiary of Ford Motor Co.
   J.P. Morgan Delaware -- $250 million of notes, due Jan.
15, 1993, priced as 4% at 99.90 to yield 4.10%. The
noncallable notes, rated triple-A by Moody's and S&P, will be
sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch & Co.
   CBS Inc. -- $150 million of notes, due Jan. 1, 2002, won
in competitive bidding by Salomon Brothers Inc. and priced as
7 5/8% at 99.755 to yield 7.66%. The noncallable notes were
priced at a spread of 85 basis points above the Treasury's
10-year note. The issue is rated Baa-1 by Moody's and
single-A-minus by S&P.
   Phelps Dodge Corp. -- $100 million of notes, due Jan. 1,
2002, priced as 7 3/4% at 99.95 to yield 7.757%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 95 basis points
over the yield on the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-1 by
Moody's and single-A-minus by S&P, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
                                                                                                       

                           MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Tarrant County Water Control and Improvement District No.
1, Texas -- $429.8 million of water revenue refunding and
improvement bonds (composed of $399.2 million water revenue
refunding and improvement bonds, Series 1992, and $30.6
million water revenue refunding bonds, Series 1992-A),
tentatively priced by a Merrill Lynch & Co. group to yield
from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.40% in 2009. The Series 1992 bonds
are due March 1, 1993-2006, 2009 and 2013. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.30%
in 2006. There are $72.2 million term bonds priced as 6% at
95.86 to yield 6.40%. There are $117.8 million term bonds
priced as 5.75% at 92.79 to yield 6.38% in 2013. The Series
1992-A bonds are due March 1, 1993-2006. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.30%
in 2006. The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and
doubleA by S&P. This excludes bonds maturing in 2013, which
are insured by Ambac Indemnity Corp. and are rated tripleA by
both Moody's and S&P.
   Colorado -- $146 million of tax anticipation notes, Series
1992 A, due June 30, 1992, were tentatively priced by a
George K. Baum & Co. group to yield 2.85%. The coupon rate on
the notes is 3.25%. The notes are rated SP1-plus by S&P. The
notes are not rated by Moody's.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300.6 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Nikko Securities Co. International. The offering, Series
1992-G13, is backed by Government National Mortgage
Association 9% mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

                            EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Digicon Inc. -- An issue of 6,750,000 common shares was
priced at $3.75 a share through underwriters led by
PaineWebber Inc.

                           EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Credit Local de France (France) -- 500 million Canadian
dollars of 7 3/4% Eurobonds due Dec. 18, 1997, at issue price
101 via Paribas Capital Markets Ltd. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99.40 to yield 7.89% (annual),
0.45 point above the Canadian government's 8 1/4% bonds due
March 1997. Short coupon period runs to Dec. 18, 1992;
thereafter, interest paid annually on Dec. 18. Fees 1 7/8.
   Swedish National Housing Finance Corp.(Sweden) -- C$200
million of 8% Eurobonds due Dec. 18, 1997, at issue price
101.45 via Paribas Capital Markets Ltd. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99.85 to yield 8.042% (annual),
0.51 point above the semiannual yield on the Canadian
government's 8 1/4% bonds due March 1997. Short first coupon
period runs from Feb. 18 to Dec. 18, 1992. Coupons are paid
annually on Dec. 18 thereafter. Fees 1 7/8.
   Eksportfinans AS (Norway) -- C$150 million of 7 3/4%
Eurobonds due Nov. 5, 1997, at issue price 100.95 via Scotia
McLeod Inc. Offered to investors initially at a fixed price
of 99.35 to yield 7.47% (annual), about 0.40 points above the
semiannual yield on the comparable Canadian government bond.
Short first coupon period runs to Nov. 5, 1997. Interest is
paid annually thereafter on Nov. 5. Fees 1 7/8.
   IBM International Finance N.V. (U.S. parent) -- 200
million European currency unit issue of 8 7/8% Eurobonds due
Jan. 27, 1995, at issue price 101.2375 via Credit Suisse
First Boston Ltd. Offered initially at a fixed price of
100.045 to yield 8.86% (annual). Fees 1 3/8.
   Swedish Export Credit (Sweden) -- 100 million ECU of 9
1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 28, 1992, at issue price 101.307 via
Barclays de Zoete Wedd. Offered to investors initially at a
fixed price of 100.332 to yield 9.05% (annual). Will trade
interchangeably with an existing 400 million ECU issue with
identical terms from the settlement date on Jan. 24. Fees 1
1/8.
   Deutsche Finance Netherlands B.V. (German parent) -- 400
million marks of 8% subordinated bonds due Feb. 6, 2002, at
101 3/4 to yield 7.74%, via Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 2 1/2.
   Deutsche Ausgleichsbank (Germany) -- 125 million marks of
bonds priced at par and due Jan. 21, 2002, via Trinkaus &
Burkhardt. Coupon in first year 11 1/8%, then 15% minus the
six-month London interbank offered rate for remaining nine
years. Fees 30 basis points.
   Bristol & West Building Society (U.K.) -- #150 million of
floating-rate notes due January 1996 at issue price par via
J.P. Morgan Securities Ltd. Notes pay quarterly interest at
0.25 points above London interbank offered rate; offered to
investors initially at a fixed price of 99.72. Bristol &
West, a mutual savings and loan institution, has option to
call notes at par in event it converts to a public limited
company. Fees 0.43.
   Caisse Nationale de Credit Agricole (French parent) -- 200
million Dutch guilders of 8 3/4% bonds due Feb. 3, 1997, at
issue price 100.60 to yield 8.60%, via Rabobank Nederland.
Offered to investors initially at fixed price of 99.80 to
yield 8.80%. Fees 1.
   Guinness Finance B.V. (U.K. parent) -- 150 million Swiss
francs of 7% public bonds due Feb. 5, 1997, priced at 101 3/4
via Swiss Bank Corp. Guarantee by Guinness PLC. Fees 2 1/8.
   Rabobank Nederland (Netherlands) -- 100 million Swiss
francs of 7% privately placed notes due Jan. 31, 1997, priced
at 101.75 via Banque Paribas (Suisse). Fees 1 1/2.
   BP America Inc. (U.K. parent) -- 150 million Swiss francs
of 7% public bonds due Feb. 5, 1999, priced at 102 via Credit
Suisse. Keepwell agreement from British Petroleum PLC. Fees 2
5/8.