Westinghouse Sued
   By Cogan Concern
   Over Knoll Sale
   ----
   By Gabriella Stern
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A Westinghouse spokesman called the suits, filed in
Pennsylvania and Texas, "totally without merit."
Westinghouse, in turn, has sued 21 International, alleging,
among other things, that it is owed about $19 million in
costs incurred after the deal closed. 21 International
declined to comment.
   In the suits, 21 International alleges "an abundance of
misrepresentations, both affirmative and by omission" in
documents Westinghouse provided in the course of the
transaction. The suits allege that Westinghouse understated
the extent of problems in the real estate portfolio of its
financial services unit. Those problems forced Westinghouse
to take $2.6 billion in pretax charges in the fourth quarter
of 1990 and the 1991 third quarter.
   Overall, Westinghouse stock has taken a beating since the
Knoll transaction. Recently, however, the stock has
experienced an upswing. In New York Stock Exchange composite
trading yesterday afternoon, Westinghouse was quoted at
$20.50, up 25 cents.
   While 21 International's main property is Foamex LP, a
maker of polyurethane foam for the automobile industry, the
company is best known for its 21 Club, a posh New York
restaurant.
   Westinghouse doubled the size of its furniture unit when
it acquired Knoll International, which had $380 million in
sales in 1990. However, the furniture business has been hurt
by a decline in construction of new office buildings and
residential housing.
   As to which party got the worst end of the transaction,
Nicholas P. Heymann, an analyst with County NatWest
Securities, says that "in the short run, it's been less a
mistake for Westinghouse than for Knoll. But in the long run,
neither will look back on this with relish."