Securities Offering Calendar
$22.8 billion of three- and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   $14.75 billion of two-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   $10.25 billion of five-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                         CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Adesa Corp. -- initial two million common shares, via
Robinson-Humphrey Co.
   Amcast Industrial Corp. -- 1.7 million common shares, via
Dillon Read  Co.
   Appalachian Power Co. -- 500,000 preferred stock, via
Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Bank Of Boston -- eight million common shares, via Merrill
Lynch  Co.
   Birmingham Steel Corp. -- 2.5 million common shares, via
Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Braun's Fashions Corp. -- initial 1,875,000 common shares,
via Piper, Jaffray  Hopwood Inc.
   Brazilian Equity Fund Inc. -- initial four million common
shares, via PaineWebber Inc.
   Cablevision Systems Inc. -- $200 million of senior
subordinated debentures, via Merrill Lynch.
   Catalina Marketing Corp. -- initial 2.2 million common
shares, via PaineWebber.
   Chipsoft Inc. -- initial 3,297,898 common shares, via
Robertson Stephens  Co.
   Coastal Banc Savings Association -- initial 2.1 million
common shares via Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   Coltec Industries Inc. -- initial 38.5 million common
shares, via Morgan Stanley.
   Coltec Industries Inc. -- $200 million of senior notes and
$250 million of senior subordinated notes, via Morgan
Stanley.
   CytoTherapeutics Inc. -- initial 2,250,000 common shares,
via Robertson Stephens.
   Damark International Inc. -- initial 2,734,000 common
shares, via Montgomery Securities.
   Fossil Inc. -- initial 1.8 million common shares, via
Montgomery Securities.
   Hutchinson Technology Inc. -- initial one million common
shares, via Montgomery Securities.
   Intercargo Corp. -- 1,450,000 common shares, via Kemper
Securities.
   Kendall Square Research Corp. -- initial three million
common shares, via Kidder Peabody.
   M-Wave Inc. -- initial one million common shares, via
Kemper Securities.
   McGaw Inc. -- $100 million of senior notes, via Donaldson,
Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp.
   Mohawk Industries Inc. -- initial 2.7 million shares, via
First Boston Corp.
   Network General Corp. -- 2,215,000 common shares, via
Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
   Protocol Systems Inc. -- initial 2,750,000 common shares,
via First Boston.
   Regency Health Services Inc. -- initial 2.4 million common
shares, via Prudential Securities.
   Seragen Inc. -- initial three million common shares, via
Goldman Sachs.
   Thermo Cardiosystems -- 1.5 million shares, via Lehman
Brothers Inc.
   Total Pharmaceutical Care Inc. -- 2,250,000 common shares,
via Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Walker Interactive Systems Inc. -- initial 2.6 million
common shares, via Morgan Stanley.
   Warnaco Group Inc. -- five million common shares, via
Morgan Stanley.
   Xircom Inc. -- initial three million common shares, via
Morgan Stanley.
   York International -- 19.6 million common shares, via
First Boston.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   Dallas County, Texas -- $102,955,000 of various road
improvement and refunding bonds, Series 1992, including
$53,295,000 of road and improvement refunding bonds, and
$49,660,000 of permanent improvement and refunding tax
limited tax general obligation, via competitive bid.
   Florida Board of Education -- $200 million of public
education capital outlay general obligation bonds, 1991
Series C, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   Cuyahoga County, Ohio -- $50 million of hospital
improvement revenue bonds, (University Hospitals Health
System Inc. project), Series 1992, via competitive bid.
   Fulton County, Ga. -- $75 million of tax anticipation
notes, via competitive bid.
   New York State -- $531 million of 1991-92 tax and revenue
anticipation notes, via competitive bid.
   Pennsylvania -- $250 million of improvement general
obligation bonds, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Anaheim Public Financing Authority, Calif. -- $135 million
of 1992 tax allocation revenue bonds (Redevelopment Project
Aplha), via a Stone  Youngberg group.
   Arizona Transportation Board -- $160,780,000 of
subordinated highway revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, and 1992
Series B, via a Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. group.
   Atlantic County Utilities Authority, N.J. -- $89.5 million
of solid waste system revenue bonds, Series 1992, via a
Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette group.
   Bergen County Utilities Authority -- $78,190,000 of 1992
water pollution control system revenue bonds, Series A
(FGIC-insured), via a Bear, Stearns  Co. group.
   Massachusetts -- $240 million of general obligation notes,
1992 Series A, via a PaineWebber group.
   New York State Housing Finance Agency -- $53 million of
multi-family housing revenue bonds, (FHA-insured), via a Bear
Stearns group.
   New York State Urban Development Corp. -- $61,945,000 of
Section 236 revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, (FSA-insured), via
a Morgan Stanley group.
   Philadelphia Hospitals and Higher Education Facilities
Authority -- $81.8 million of variable rate hospital revenue
bonds, (The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia project), via
a J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. group.
   Phoenix -- $258,420,000 of general obligation refunding
bonds, Series 1992, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Port Authority of New York and New Jersey -- $97 million
of consolidated revenue bonds, 78 Series, via a Dean Witter
group.
   Puerto Rico -- $369,810,000 of public improvement general
obligation bonds, including $305 million of public
improvement general obligation bonds, and $64,810,000 of
public improvement refunding general obligation bonds, Series
1992, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Texas Municipal Power Agency -- $450 million of refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Tuscon Electric Power Co. -- $653.6 million of pollution
control and industrial revenue bonds, (remarketing), via a
Bear Stearns group.
   Virginia Housing Development Authority -- $248 million of
single-family mortgage current refunding revenue bonds, via a
First Boston group.
                                                                                                       

                        Indefinite
                                                                                                       

   Florida Board of Education -- $311,580,000 of public
education capital outlay refunding general obligation bonds,
1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
   Florida Dept. of Natural Resources -- $300 million of
Preservation 2000 revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.