International:
   German Trade Surplus
   Plunged in January
   On Surge in Imports
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Germany's trade surplus shrank to 50 million marks ($30
million) in January from 5.1 billion marks in December. It is
the lowest figure since July 1991, when Germany's trade
balance was in a deficit; the trade figure has been in a
surplus since August. January's figure compares with a trade
surplus of 1.3 billion marks in January 1991.
   On average, economists had projected that the trade
surplus would be about 3.1 billion marks.
   The agency also reported that Germany's current account
deficit ballooned far more than expected in January to 6.4
billion marks from 1.7 billion marks in December and from 2.1
billion marks in January last year. Economists, on average,
had foreseen a 3.1 billion-mark deficit in January. The
current account measures trade in services and merchandise
trade as well as some other international fund transfers.
   Higher imports have shriveled the nation's once-mighty
trade surplus since unification. Germany's import appetite
mushroomed to feed demand in eastern Germany and to
compensate for western German industry that had been running
at capacity until recently.
   In January, imports into Germany rose to 54.33 billion
marks from 50.50 billion marks in December. Germany's exports
eased to 54.38 billion marks from 55.60 billion marks in
December.