Another Airline
   Balks at Bid to Lift
   Fares Across Board
The change was expected because big carriers Delta Air
Lines and Continental Airlines Holdings Inc. last week said
they planned to raise only vacation-type fares, not business
tickets.
   United made its latest move after AMR Corp.'s American
Airlines balked Monday at raising the business-type fares,
which usually don't carry tight travel restrictions.
   USAir Group Inc. and Wings Holdings Inc.'s Northwest
Airlines, which initially supported United's across-the-board
increase, are expected to change their plans, as well. So
far, Trans World Airlines is the only large carrier to
indicate it doesn't want to go along with any part of the
proposed fare increase.
   There was initial doubt the fare would go into effect
systemwide. Air-travel demand has been improving from
year-earlier levels depressed by the Persian Gulf War and the
recession, but the increased demand has been tempered by
lingering effects of the economic slowdown.
   The effort to raise fares has been viewed as an important
test of consumer demand. It's also somewhat peculiar that
airlines are pushing to raise the price of vacation-type
fares, which typically are bought by travelers closely
watching their purse strings.
   In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday,
UAL shares were quoted at $152.50, unchanged. Shares of
Alaska Air Group Inc. were flat at $22.