Abreast of the Market:
   Industrial Average Slips 0.89 Point,
   But Broader Indexes Still Advance
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The industrials ended 0.89 point lower at 3203.94. IBM
fell 2 1/4 to 92 3/8 after announcing price cuts on some of
its computers. Its decline translates to about a four-point
drop in the industrial average. Other stocks that kept the
average from gaining included Minnesota Mining 
Manufacturing, down 1 1/2 to 95 1/2, Coca-Cola, off 1 1/2 to
80 3/4, and Texaco, down 1 1/8 to 57 5/8.
   Broader market averages continued higher, however.
Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index rose 0.70 to 418.10, the
New York Stock Exchange Composite Index gained 0.54 to
230.23, and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 0.83 to
393.26.
   Big Board advancers outnumbered decliners, 1,073 to 707.
Volume was heavy, totaling 289,690,000 shares on the New York
Stock Exchange, up from 251,280,000 Tuesday.
   Michael Metz, market strategist at Oppenheimer  Co., said
the weak gains on heavy volume are a sign that the stock
market's current rally is getting tired.
   By the time the market opened, investors had gotten over
any nervousness related to President Bush's brief illness in
Tokyo. But stocks did open lower, partly reflecting weakness
in stock markets overseas. The New York market surged to its
highs around noon EST before sinking again later in the
session.
   "The market looks a little more tired," said Edward J.
Laux, head of block trading at Kidder Peabody.
   Oppenheimer's Mr. Metz added that the stock-offering
pipeline is filling up and will soon start pumping shares
into the market again after a holiday hiatus.
   International Paper, for example, filed to offer eight
million common shares. The stock dropped 1/2 to 71 1/2
yesterday. With that supply surfacing, the market's big gains
may be over for now, he said.
   Few market-watchers predict a big pullback, however. Mr.
Metz said investors have accepted the current bad-news
environment, leaving the market oblivious to fundamentals for
now.
   Instead, the market is likely to churn through a
"corrective phase" that could last for much of the first
quarter -- similar to last year's pattern in which the market
made sharp gains in January and February but then leveled
off.
   RJR Nabisco rose 1/2 to 11 1/2, topping the most active
list on volume of 9.3 million shares.
   Oil stocks took a beating again as oil prices slipped
below $18 a barrel. Mobil lost 1 to 65 7/8, Amoco fell 1 3/8
to 47, and British Petroleum lost 1 5/8 to 61 3/8.
   Some airline stocks continued to climb, helped by the
falling oil prices. UAL added 1 3/8 to 153, and USAir rose
1/8 to 14 1/4. But AMR lost 1 5/8 to 73 3/8, and Delta Air
Lines fell 1 3/8 to 70 5/8.
   Syntex rose 2 1/8 to 52 1/8. The company appointed two
executives to head its research and development, reflecting
the increased "intensity and complexity of biomedical
research."
   Best Buy rose 3 3/4 to 20 3/8. The chain's same-store
sales rose 16% in December.
   Critical Care America jumped 6 5/8 to 63 after it
surprised investors late Tuesday by saying it plans to enter
the lucrative outpatient surgery business this year.
   BF Goodrich slid 1 3/8 to 40 1/8. The company this week
said it expects to report a fourth-quarter operating loss of
75 cents to 85 cents a share.
   Northrop eased 1/8 to 24 1/4. President Bush is expected
to cut the government's order for 75 stealth bombers in half.
   Tandem Computers gained 1 1/4 to 12 7/8. The company said
first-quarter revenue would be modestly higher than a year
ago, although Tandem may report an operating loss for the
quarter. Tandem also said it plans to take a restructuring
charge of $90 million.
   Gottschalks gained 1 1/4 to 19 7/8. The company's
same-store sales edged up 0.2% in December, while total sales
were up 1.6%. Gottschalks's sales fell in November.
   Union Electric fell 3/4 to 37 3/8. The company said it
will sell its Iowa and Illinois operations for about $68.5
million.
   Upjohn rose 7/8 to 44 5/8 after agreeing to buy Sanorania,
a German drug company. Terms weren't disclosed.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.77
to 403.48. Volume was 21,539,000 shares, compared with
19,664,000 Tuesday. There were 370 issues advancing and 266
declining.
   California Energy lost 2 1/8 to 13 3/4. The company's
chairman and chief executive officer, David Sokol, will
resign to become president and chief operating officer of
JWP.