Motorola Reports
   Profit Rose 16%
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Ken Yamada
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Although several sectors of the company's business showed
increased sales and orders, other sectors showed decreases.
George Fisher, chairman and chief executive officer, said in
a statement that the results reflected the sluggish economies
in the U.S. and Europe. He said he expected the same trend to
continue through the first half of 1992, but saw the
potential for modest growth the rest of the year.
   Motorola's increased earnings are a sign that
semiconductor companies with a broad product base will do
well this year, said Millard H. Phelps, an analyst with
Hambrecht  Quist. "I think they are beginning to experience
a groundswell of business," he said.
   Gains were recorded in several sectors of the company's
business. Semiconductor sales increased 7%, orders increased
8% and operating profits were higher. In the communications
sector, sales increased 2%, but operating profits were lower.
In the general systems sector, which includes the cellular
telephone business, sales increased 8% and orders increased
4%, but operating profits were lower. The company said growth
in cellular phone sales was offset by weakness in sales of
cellular infrastructure systems.
   Motorola said sales in the automotive and industrial
electronics group were up 8% and orders increased 7% despite
a downturn in the North American automotive market and
softness in other regions.
   The government electronics group's sales decreased 8% and
orders were down 5%. Operating profit also was lower. The
information systems group's sales dropped 2% percent, with
orders 11% lower, resulting in an operating loss that was
larger than the prior year.
   For the year ended Dec. 31, Motorola said net income fell
9% to $454 million, or $3.44 a share, from $499 million, or
$3.80 a share, a year earlier. Sales for the year increased
4% to $11.34 billion from $10.89 billion.
   In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday,
Motorola shares were quoted at $70.625, up 37.5 cents.