What's News --
   Business and Finance
ITT agreed to sell its 30% stake in Alcatel to ITT's
partner in the French telecommunications equipment venture
for $3.6 billion in cash and stock. ITT said it may use the
money for a stock buy-back or for acquisitions. Its shares
jumped $3.375 to $69.875.
   ---
   Leading economic indicators rose 0.9% in January,
providing the second indication this week that a recovery may
be starting. Separately, home sales leaped 12.9% in January.
                                                                                                       

   Greenspan called the pace of economic revival "little more
than glacial," but the Fed chief refused to take the blame
for the recession.
   ---
   Stocks and the dollar climbed on more encouraging economic
data, while bond prices slipped. The Dow Jones industrials
moved up 14.98 points in heavy trading to a record 3290.25.
But Nasdaq issues declined.
   ---
   IBM's top U.S. marketer, William Grabe, is leaving to join
a hightechnology investment concern, continuing an exodus of
senior executives from the giant computer maker.
   ---
   The FTC may be expanding its probe of parts purchases by
Japanese-owned auto plants in the U.S. to examine trade in
assembled cars, a group of Japanese auto makers said.
   ---
   Two big airline reservation systems, Covia of the U.S. and
European-based Galileo, plan to merge, say people familiar
with the plan.
   ---
   ATT plans to replace up to a third of its 18,000
telephone operators with voice-recognition computers. Union
leaders condemned the action.
   ---
   The Canadian dollar fell to near a two-year low against
the U.S. dollar because of concern that talks on a new
Canadian constitution may fail.
   ---
   A federal statute permitting many securities fraud
lawsuits to proceed even though they violated time limits is
unconstitutional, a judge ruled.
   ---
   Three silicone breast implant makers are still selling the
devices overseas while complying with a U.S. sales
moratorium. Only Dow Corning has stopped selling them
world-wide.
   ---
   A Goldman Sachs fund has bought large amounts of the
depressed junk bonds of National Gypsum and USG, a few years
after Goldman advised the wallboard companies on deals in
which they incurred heavy debt.
   ---
   Prudential Securities was ordered by arbitrators to pay
nearly $2 million to a retired couple for alleged excessive
trading in their account.
   ---
   Fujitsu of Japan intends to reenter the U.S. supercomputer
market after a three-year absence, in an attempt to challenge
Cray Research.
   ---
   Tokyo stock prices tumbled, sending the Nikkei average
down 436.11 points, or 2.03%, to 21051.71. London and
Frankfurt shares advanced.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 200,860,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3290.25, up 14.98; transportation 1457.40, up 14.39;
utilities 204.43, off 0.56.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4188.90, off 8.21.
   Commodities: Oil $18.64 a barrel, up 30 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.84, off 0.10; spot index 118.24, off 0.34.
   Dollar: 131.07 yen, up 1.42; 1.6570 marks, up 0.0135.