International:
   Paribas to Post
   1991 Loss; Its Debt
   Put Under Review
   ----
   By Julia Lichtman and Charles Fleming
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
After the announcement, Standard  Poor's Corp. and
Moody's Investor Services Inc. said they were putting
Paribas's debt under surveillance for possible downgrades.
Both cited deterioration in the group's asset quality.
   Paribas was established in 1872.
   Definitive results for 1991 will be released March 26, Mr.
Levy-Lang said yesterday, adding that he expects the group to
report a consolidated net loss for 1991, after payments to
minority interests, of 200 million French francs ($36.6
million). This compares with profit of 2.5 billion francs
($457.6 million) in 1990, down 26% from 1989. The 1991 loss,
Mr. Levy-Lang said, resulted mainly from the earmarking of
2.8 billion francs to cover bad loans at Banque Paribas
Suisse, the group's Swiss subsidiary.
   These bad loans included 800 million francs to the group
headed by the late British media magnate Robert Maxwell, for
which Paribas set aside 100%, and a substantial Swiss
property portfolio, for which Paribas made provisions to
cover 50%. A further 6.6 billion francs was set aside for the
group's main domestic banking activities, compared with five
billion francs the previous year.
   Mr. Levy-Lang said earnings on Paribas's banking
operations, after minority interests, surged to 1.7 billion
francs in 1991 from 400 million francs in 1990. This helped
offset a plunge in profit on its property and industrial
portfolio, which slipped to 700 million francs from 2.1
billion francs in 1990.
   News of Paribas's loss took the French banking community
by surprise last night, even though some of the problems had
been clearly signaled. The group's share closed yesterday in
Paris at 347.50 francs, off 7.50 francs, before Mr.
Levy-Lang's remarks were released.
   One leading banker couldn't remember any major French bank
posting a loss since the mid-1970s, when a strike pushed
Credit Lyonnais briefly into the red. But he and several
others said they believe that Mr. Levy-Lang, who took office
in June 1990, was taking advantage of a grace period to put
old problems behind him early in his tenure.