British Telecom Posts
   Drop in Pretax Profit
   For Its Third Quarter
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Revenue edged up 0.4% in the third quarter to #3.29
billion from #3.28 billion. The rise for the first nine
months was 1.8%, to #9.92 billion from #9.75 billion.
   BT's 1.8% sales gain for the nine months was more than
offset, however, by a 2.7% rise in operating costs for the
period to #7.31 billion from #7.12 billion.
   BT Chairman Iain Vallance commented that the weak
third-quarter results were in line with forecasts he made
when he announced the group's first-half earnings in January.
   He linked the weak results partly to the introduction of a
new rule limiting BT price increases to 6.25 percentage
points less than the country's inflation rate. With U.K.
inflation holding at or below 4.5% during the group's fiscal
third quarter, the new rules removed all of BT's latitude for
price increases.
   Yesterday, the U.K. regulatory body Oftel said it favors
continued firm controls on pricing by BT to help promote
competition and protect consumers. The controls on price
increases are scheduled to expire in July 1993. Oftel is
consulting with interested parties now on proposals for
regulation beyond July 1993. BT officials couldn't be reached
to comment on the contents of the latest Oftel statement.
   In its earnings statement, BT also said that deregulation
in the telecommunications market has given BT new competition
against a background of weak economic growth and high
business failures.
   Mr. Vallance was cautious about BT's profit outlook as
well, saying "near-term prospects remain depressed."