Casino Industry
   In New Jersey Posts
   Loss for 4th Period
   ----
   By Mitchell Pacelle
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Analysts and industry executives noted that last year's
results were hurt by the Persian Gulf conflict, the recession
and the restructuring of several casinos.
   The only casinos to turn a profit in the fourth quarter
were Harrah's Marina, which earned $13.3 million; Caesar's,
which earned $3.3 million; Merv Griffin's Resorts, which
posted a $797,000 profit; and the Claridge, which earned
$471,000.
   Trump Plaza posted the biggest loss, at $21 million,
followed by Trump Taj Mahal, $16 million; Trump's Castle,
$14.8 million; Tropworld, $7.6 million; Bally's Park Place,
$6.1 million; Bally's Grand, $4.6 million; the Sands, $1.3
million; and the Showboat, $680,000.
   Industry executives expressed optimism that an improving
economy, cost cutting initiatives at many casinos, and the
effect of limited 24-hour gambling and other regulatory
changes instituted last year will improve results at many
casinos.
   "The industry has survived intact during a period which
included overexpansion, a major economic recession and also
the Persian Gulf conflict," said Thomas Carver, president of
the Casino Association of New Jersey. "During the coming year
it is hoped that a number of financial restructurings by
several casinos will have been completed, that we will be
able to obtain authorization to increase operating hours as
well as to introduce additional games in Atlantic City, and
the overall economy will begin to rebound."
   For the year, the Taj Mahal reported profit of $188.5
million, with the extraordinary gain; Harrah's Marina earned
$59.6 million; Caesar's, $25.4 million; Resorts, $13.1
million; Showboat, $8 million; the Claridge, $2.5 million;
Bally's Park Place, $1.8 million; and the Sands, $121,000.
   Trump Castle had a loss of $50.2 million; Trump Plaza,
$29.2 million; Tropworld, $9.5 million; and Bally's Grand,
$4.6 million.
   The efforts of a number of casinos to increase efficiency
and shift marketing strategies resulted in a 5.6% decline in
promotional allowances in 1991 and a 2.6% drop in operating
expenses. Operating profit rose $39.3 million to $344.7
million.