Technology:
   Vitesse Net Expected
   To Surge Twentyfold
   In Fiscal 2nd Quarter
A big chunk of those orders comes from Convex Computer
Corp. of Richardson, Texas, which has designed 31 Vitesse
chips into a supercomputer that is going into higher levels
of production than anticipated, Mr. Tomasetta said.
   Mr. Tomasetta said he was comfortable with analysts'
estimates that the company will post net income of $750,000
to $1.1 million, or five to seven cents a share, for the
quarter ending March 30, vs. $40,000, or less than a cent a
share, a year ago. Revenue is expected to rise to about $9
million from $6 million. He also was comfortable with
estimates that net for its third quarter ending June 29 would
be $1.1 million to $1.4 million, or seven to nine cents a
share, on revenue of $10 million to $11 million. Yearago net
was $71,000, or two cents a share, on revenue of $6.2
million.
   Vitesse is one of the few companies to set up a production
line for gallium arsenide chips, which are much harder to
make than conventional silicon chips but are faster and use
less power. To deal with undercapacity, Mr. Tomasetta said,
Vitesse is upgrading equipment to double processing by the
end of June to about 2,000 silicon wafers a month from the
current level.