General Dynamics Posts Quarterly Net
   Of $166 Million, Sees Return to Holders
   ----
   By Roy J. Harris Jr.
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
While General Dynamics won't specifically address how it
might implement its disbursement, speculation has focused on
a cash dividend, stock repurchase or combination of the two.
   Before making that decision, General Dynamics said it
remains engaged in two earlier stages of its business plan,
moves that have involved increasing its cash position -- to
$800 million at the end of 1991 -- and its financial
strength. It said Friday it was calling two debt issues, 7
7/8% notes due 1993 and 9% debentures due 2016. The moves
will reduce long-term debt by about $350 million, it said,
adding that further debt reduction of $100 million is
expected later this year.
   Sales in the latest quarter slipped 2.9% to $2.33 billion
from $2.40 billion.
   The $100 million in income from Cessna, accounted for as a
discontinued operation, included a $100 million pretax gain
from a reduction of its product-liability reserve. General
Dynamics said this resulted from favorable claim experience
and some beneficial changes in state liability laws.
   The net loss in the 1990 quarter was $530 million, or
$12.71 a share, including special charges of $567 million
from write-offs on various programs and restructuring
actions. Without those charges, net income in the period
would have been $37 million, or 89 cents a share.
   The company said that during the 1991 fourth quarter its
backlog had increased slightly to $18 billion, with backlog
in the year including "an increased level of new and
profitable contracts from our military customers." Unlike
many defense contractors, General Dynamics has chosen to
reduce non-defense lines and to try running a tighter ship in
its variety of Pentagon businesses as a way to stronger
profitability.
   Among the largest defense cutbacks included in the plan
President Bush announced last week was a major General
Dynamics program, the Seawolf submarine. However, Mr. Anders
said that the total of proposed program cuts, if approved by
Congress, "would reduce our year-end 1991 backlog by less
than $1 billion, or under 4%." He said he likes the position
of General Dynamics for the future because the U.S. plan
favors "those suppliers who are financially strong," who lead
the industry in expertise and seem likely to do well at
delivering high-quality weapons on time and on budget.
   Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen  Co., New York,
called it "a very good, solid quarter operationally" for
General Dynamics and said he anticipates at least some kind
of special dividend action from the company after the
quarter. Among defense contractors, he said, it is "the only
company that really thinks of what it's doing in basically
financial terms," and gives high priority to short-term
shareholder benefit.
   In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange,
General Dynamics shares closed Friday at $58.125, up 12.5
cents.
   For all of 1991, net income was $505 million, or $12.06 a
share, compared with a $578 million loss that was equal to
$13.86 a share. From continuing operations, General Dynamics
earned $374 million, or $8.93 a share, compared with a loss
of $674 million, or $16.17 a share. Full-year sales slid 7.5%
to $8.75 billion from $9.46 billion.