Technology:
   Hitachi Plans to Shut
   Household Appliance
   Factory in California
The move by Hitachi Home Electronics (America) Inc., a
subsidiary of the Japanese electronics concern, will end the
company's household electric appliance production in the U.S.
Production will be switched to Malaysia and Mexico, a
spokeswoman said. Hitachi Home Electronics will retain its
inspection and management staff in San Diego, Calif.,
primarily to oversee imports.
   The Hitachi spokeswoman said the move, spurred by slower
sales in the U.S. of high added value products, is aimed at
lowering production costs.
   The plant, which is the only household electric appliance
manufacturing facility for Hitachi in the U.S., is currently
producing about 70,000 videotape recorders and 70,000
projection television sets a year.
   Hitachi Electric Products (Malaysia) will take over the
videotape recorder production from the American unit and
Hitachi Consumer Products de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. will assume
the production of projection television sets, the spokeswoman
said.
   Hitachi Home Electronics started the local operation in
1982. At its peak, the Anaheim plant produced 360,000 color
televisions and 120,000 videotape recorders a year.
   Hitachi has been producing semiconductors, medical
instruments and computer parts in the U.S. through such
subsidiaries as Hitachi Semiconductor (America) Inc., Texas,
and Hitachi Instruments, Inc., California.