Bethlehem Had
   4th-Period Loss
   Of $638 Million
   ----
   Charge Is Taken to Quit
   Line; 25% of Workers,
   Payout to Be Dropped
   ----
   By Dana Milbank
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The move also may presage a broader retreat from
structural steels altogether. Bethlehem, the nation's
second-ranked steelmaker, still must decide what to do with
its structural and rail products. The fate of those products
is in doubt after joint venture talks with British Steel
failed last year. Bethlehem is the only major steelmaker that
hasn't found a foreign partner.
   And for cash-poor Bethlehem, which said it expects to
record another deficit this quarter, the fourth-quarter
results mark a return to the financial troubles the company
endured throughout the 1980s. Bethlehem didn't pay a dividend
for four years until 1989, when it resumed a 10-cent a share
quarterly payout. The steelmaker, which also will trim 1992
capital expenditures to $400 million from $564 million,
yesterday saw its debt placed on review "with negative
implications" by Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Bethlehem shares fell $2.25 to $13.75 in late New York
Stock Exchange trading.
   With the steel industry mired in its worst slump in years,
Bethlehem's prospects for a quick recovery look bleak. Steel
is plentiful and prices reflect that. "They're making the
right move," says J. Clarence Morrison of Prudential
Securities Inc. "The question remains how quickly they can
turn up with the economy."
   Bethlehem's fourth-quarter loss, which translates to $8.47
a share, includes the $575 million charge, mostly to exit the
bar, rod and wire business and one of its rail product
operations. The two employ 3,000 workers. Beyond these cuts,
as well as closures of two other facilities employing 440 and
reductions associated with the sale of its coal business,
Bethlehem will reduce its total work force by about 1,250 in
1992 and 1993. In all, the company will trim its employment
by 6,500, from 26,500 to 20,000.
   Even without the charge, Bethlehem's loss of $63 million
(compared with a loss of $33 million a year ago) translates
into about $21 a ton and was more severe than analysts had
expected. The company blamed weaker pricing, higher costs and
a lower proportion of high-end products.
   The company isn't alone in its difficulties. Armco Inc.
yesterday reported a fourth-quarter loss of $241.5 million,
or $2.75 a share, including $203.1 million for special
charges and items.
   Except for USX Corp.'s U.S. Steel unit, Bethlehem's major
American rivals had already omitted their dividends. On
Tuesday, U.S. Steel reported a $165 million loss, and Inland
Steel Industries Inc., which had a loss of $275 million, said
it would trim 3,500 jobs.
   While Bethlehem said it would seek buyers for the bar, rod
and wire business, analysts said it is unlikely a buyer could
be found. The company had offered to keep and modernize the
business if granted a new labor agreement by the United
Steelworkers union, but the two sides couldn't reach a
settlement by the time talks ended last week.
   Bethlehem reiterated its willingness to modernize its
structural and rail products operations if it wins a more
competitive agreement with the Steelworkers. Most analysts
believe Bethlehem must go it alone now, with no clear partner
or buyer in sight after the failure of the British Steel
talks. Ike Gittlen, president of the Steelworkers' Local 1688
in Steelton, Pa., said he was optimistic that Bethlehem and
the union could reach a long-term agreement covering the
company's structural and rail products. "We can't keep
limping from one restructuring to the next," he said.
   Also included in the charge are plans to sell Bethlehem's
coke-making facilities in Lackawanna, N.Y., which employ 400.
It also will close its coke production in Sparrows Point,
Md., which had been idling.
   Bethlehem also said its charge for retiree health benefits
as required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board would
reach $1.1 billion to $1.6 billion, but it didn't say when it
would be booked.
   In the 1990 fourth quarter, Bethlehem had a loss of $516.8
million, or $6.91 a share, including a restructuring charge
of $550 million. For all of 1991, Bethlehem had a loss of
$767 million, or 10.41 a share, compared with a loss of
$463.5 million, or $6.45 a share in 1990. Sales dropped 15%
in the quarter, to $1.03 billion from $1.20 billion, and 12%
in the year, to $4.32 billion from $4.90 billion.