Penney, Caldor Report Operating Profit
   Rose in 4th Period; Woolworth Has Loss
   ----
   By Kevin Helliker
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
As previously reported, Penney took a one-time pretax
charge in the quarter of $264 million to cover employee
post-retirement health-care costs, a decline in real estate
values, the cost of consolidating and streamlining
operations, and the write-off of investments in experimental
businesses. After the charge, earnings were $37 million, or
25 cents a share.
   Revenue in the quarter ended Jan. 25 rose 2% to $5.65
billion from $5.52 billion.
   Penney attributed the improved operating earnings to
fatter margins and reduced expenses. The retailer said it
lowered selling, general and administrative expenses as a
percentage of sales by 1.6% in the quarter, to 25.6%, and by
1.5% in the year, to 30.4%.
   For the year, Penney reported that earnings before
non-recurring items fell about 9% to $528 million, or $4 a
share, from $577 million, or $4.33 a share, the year before.
   After the charge, earnings were $80 million, or 39 cents a
share. Revenue fell to $17.3 billion from $17.41 billion.
   Woolworth, based in New York, had a loss of $128 million,
or 98 cents a share, for its fourth quarter ended Jan. 25,
reflecting a previously announced $250 million charge for the
closing, selling or restructuring of 900 of its 9,300 stores.
   A year earlier, the retailer earned $149 million, or $1.15
a share. Revenue rose 2.3% to $3.14 billion from $3.06
billion.
   Woolworth said results were helped by a change in its
application of accounting for domestic specialty inventories
under the last-in, first-out, or LIFO, method of determining
cost. This change added $35 million, or 27 cents a share. The
company said it previously used the U.S. Department of
Labor's Department Store Price Index to measure inflation.
   For the year, Woolworth posted a loss of $166 million, or
$1.28 a share, compared with net income of $317 million, or
$2.45 a share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 1.3% to $9.91
billion from $9.79 billion.
   The results for the latest year were hampered further by a
$113 million charge for adopting an accounting change related
to employees' post-retirement benefits.
   Woolworth said its domestic operations had an operating
loss of $92 million in 1991 compared with net income of $333
million in the prior year. Foreign operations had operating
profit of $145 million, compared with $306 million in 1990.
   Caldor, based in Norwalk, Conn., reported sluggish sales
for the quarter but was able to post earnings increases
through cost-cutting and lower interest expenses.
   Net rose 14% to $28.4 million, or $1.95 a share, from $25
million, or $2.21 a share, a year earlier. Shares outstanding
rose to 14.5 million from 11.3 million. Sales rose 5.1% to
$636.8 million from $606.1 million, but sales at stores open
more than a year fell 1%. Fiscal 1991 sales increased 6% to
$1.87 billion from $1.77 billion while samestore sales
dropped 0.4%.
   Robert Schauman, chief financial officer, said it was a
"tough quarter" for Caldor. "We're working in a tough
economic environment in the Northeast," he said. But Mr.
Schauman noted that reduced operating expenses and lower
interest costs "helped protect the bottom line."