New Securities Issues
subordinated notes, due Feb. 1, 2002, priced at par to yield
9.75%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 2.45
points above the comparable Treasury. The size of the issue
was increased from $200 million. Rated single-B-1 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard  Poors
Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT
Securities Corp.

mortgage bonds priced through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch  Co. The first part consists of $150 million of bonds,
due Feb. 1, 2002, priced as 8 1/8% at 99.759, to yield 8.16%.
The noncallable bonds were priced at a spread of 88 basis
points over the Treasury's 10-year note. The second part
consists of $175 million of bonds, due Feb. 1, 2022, priced
as 8 7/8% at 99.65, to yield 8.908%. The bonds, which are
noncallable for 10 years, were priced at a spread of 1.15
points over the Treasury's 30-year bond. The issue is rated
Baa-2 by Moody's and triple-B by SP.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Hospitals and Higher Education Facilities Authority of
Philadelphia -- $112.5 million hospital revenue bonds,
(Children's Hospital of Philadephia Project), Series A of
1992, due Feb. 15, 1993-2005, 2010, 2019 and 2022, priced by
a Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co. group to yield from 3.60%
in 1993 to 6.80% in 2019; current interest serial bonds
priced to yield from 3.60% in 1993 to 6.45% in 2005; $18.7
million term bonds priced as 6.50% at 97.925 to yield 6.70%
in 2010; $52.9 million term bonds priced as 6.50% at 96.31 to
yield 6.80% in 2019; $25.2 million term bonds priced as 5.50%
at 84.57 to yield 6.70% in 2022. The bonds are rated double-A
by both Moody's and by SP.
   New York State -- $85 million of general obligation bonds,
due Feb. 1, 1993-2012, won by a PaineWebber Inc. group with a
bid setting the true interest cost at 6.7916%. The bonds,
rated single-A by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, were
priced for reoffering to yield from 5% in 1994 to 7.10% in
2011 and 2012. Bonds maturing in 1993 are not formally
reoffered to investors.
   Milwaukee -- $57.9 million of general obligation refunding
bonds and promissory notes, Series of 1992 and Series A2, due
June 1, 1992-2003 and 1993-1998, priced by a Bear, Stearns 
Co. group to yield from 3% in 1992 to 6.15% in 2003; $46.425
million general obligation refunding bonds priced at par to
yield from 3% in 1992 to 6.15% in 2003; $11.44 million
general obligation short-term promissory notes priced at par
to yield from 3.70% in 1993 to 5.50% in 1998. All of the
bonds are noncallable. Ratings of double-A from Moody and
double-A-plus from SP are expected.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million issue of
Remic securities, Series Gold 1226, offered by Goldman Sachs
 Co. The offering is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8 1/2%
mortgage securities. Weighted average lives assume
prepayments at 175% of the PSA Model. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 9.15% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 29.5 years.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $100 million issue of
Remic securities, Series Gold 1227, offered by Merrill Lynch
 Co. The offering is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 7%
seven-year balloon mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon of 7.63% and a weighted average
maturity of seven years. Weighted average lives assume
prepayments at 200% of the PSA Model.
                                                                                                       

                       ASSET-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Colonial Credit Card Trust -- $200 million issue of 1992-A
credit-card securities priced by underwriters led by First
Boston Corp. as 6.80% at 99 55/64 to yield 6.938%. Yield is
90 basis points above the yield on the blend of three-year to
five-year Treasury notes. Backed by credit-card receivables
from Colonial National Bank USA. Legal maturity is Aug. 15,
1997. Underwriters expect a triple-A rating from Moody's and
SP.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $100 million issue of
floating-rate notes, due Feb. 14, 1997, priced at par to
float monthly at a spread of 76 basis points below the 11th
District Cost of Funds Index. The noncallable notes, which
will pay interest quarterly, were sold through Lehman
Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Trans Financial Bancorp Inc. -- An offering of one million
shares of common plus as many as 150,000 shares to cover
overallotments.
   Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. -- An issue of 4.5
million common shares priced at $27.125 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Advanced Magnetics Inc. -- An issue of 1,750,000 common
shares priced at $24.375 a share through underwriters led by
PaineWebber Inc.
   Freeport-McMoRan Resource Partners L.P. -- An issue of
17.5 million depositary units of priced at $23 a share
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Artisoft Inc. -- An issue of 1.5 million common shares
priced at $31.50 a share through underwriters led by Alex.
Brown  Sons Inc.
   Ecoscience Corp. -- An initial public offering of 2.6
million common shares was priced at $11 a share through
underwriters led by Oppenheimer  Co. The size of the
offering was increased from 2.2 million shares.
   Zilog Inc. -- An issue of 1,250,000 common shares priced
at $20 a share through underwriters led by Alex. Brown 
Sons.
   Capstead Mortgage Corp. -- An issue of two million common
shares priced at $32 a share through underwriters led by
PaineWebber Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Republic of Finland (sovereign) -- 842 million Finnish
markka of 11% bonds due Jan. 15, 1999, at 99.80 to yield 11
1/4% through a Dutch auction, in which all bonds are sold at
the lowest bid accepted.
   Municipal Finance Ltd. (Finland) -- 200 million Finnish
markka issue of Eurobonds maturing Feb. 24, 1999, at issue
price par via LTCB International Ltd. An initial tranche of
100 million markka is offered to investors with a coupon of
11.55%. Guarantor Local Government Pensions Institution. Fees
not disclosed.
   Petroleos Mexicanos (Mexico) -- $150 million of 8 3/4%
Eurobonds due March 5, 1997, at issue price 100.575 via
Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99.70 for a yield margin at
launch of 2.15 points above the comparable U.S. Treasury bond
yield. Fees 1 7/8.
   Hosokawa Micron Corp. (Japan) -- $100 million of 3 1/8%
Eurobonds due Feb. 20, 1996, at issue price of par via lead
underwriter Nikko Europe Ltd. Each $5,000 bond carries one
warrant exercisable from March 5, 1992, to Feb. 6, 1996, to
buy shares at an expected 2 1/2% premium to closing price
when terms are fixed Feb. 13. Guaranteed by Sanwa Bank Ltd.
Fees 2 1/4.
   BMW Australia Finance Ltd. (German) -- 100 million
Australian dollars of 10 1/4% Eurobonds due March 17, 1997,
at issue price 101.95 via Dresdner Bank AG. Guarantor is
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG. Fees 2.
   Eurofima (supranational) -- A$135 million of 9 7/8%
Eurobonds due Jan. 17, 2007, via Merrill Lynch International
Ltd. with Fay Richwhite (U.K.) Ltd. Will trade
interchangeably with existing A$200 million issue of
identical terms. New portion offered to investors initially
at a fixed offer price of 95.25. Fees not disclosed.
   Council of Europe Resettlement Fund (supranational) -- 100
million European currency units of 9 3/8% Eurobonds at issue
and initial fixed offer price of 100.49 via Lehman Brothers
International. Will trade interchangeably with an outstanding
265 million ECU issue for the Council of Europe which has
identical terms. Fees 0.15.
   Republic of Ireland (sovereign) -- 10 billion Spanish
pesetas of 10.55% "matador" bonds due Feb. 21, 2002, at issue
price 101.25 via Banco Bilbao Vizcaya. Yield 10.65% at a
discount equal to full fees. Fees 1 7/8.
   International Finance Corp. (supranational) -- 500 million
Swedish kronor of 10 1/4% Eurobonds due March 4, 1997, at
issue price 101 5/8 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd.
Yield 10 1/4% less full commissions, a margin of about 0.22
point above the comparable Swedish government bond. Fees 1
5/8.
   Tesac Corp. (Japan) -- 60 million Swiss francs of
privately placed notes due Feb. 20, 1996, with
equity-purchase warrants, fixed 4% coupon at par via Credit
Suisse. Guaranteed by Sumitomo Bank. Exercise period of
warrants March 2, 1992, to Feb. 16, 1996. Fixing will be
Monday. Fees 1 5/8.
   Aoki Corp. (Japan) -- 150 million Swiss francs of 7 1/4%
privately placed notes due Feb. 17, 1997, priced at par via
Swiss Volksbank. Guaranteed by Kyowa Saitama Bank. Fees 1
1/2.