World Markets:
   London Stocks Close Higher but Off Best Levels;
   Tokyo Shares Fall After Posting Early Gains
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index closed
up 4.5 points at 2541.6, well off the midday peak of 2549.4.
The FT 30-stock index gained 17.7 points to 1958.3. Volume
was 638.4 million shares, compared with 673.6 million a day
earlier.
   Cable  Wireless lost 13 pence to 612 pence ($10.68) after
reports in the U.K. press discouraged talk that American
Telephone  Telegraph of the U.S. was considering a bid for
the company. The reports termed it more likely that ATT will
take a stake in the Mercury telephone unit.
   TSB closed up 8 at 128. Britain's sixth largest banking
group said a #654 million charge for bad debt swung it to a
pretax loss of #47 million in the year ended Oct. 31 from a
profit of #312 million the year before. The results were
better than market expectations, however, as some analysts'
forecasts ranged as low as a #70 million loss.
   TSB said it made a number of management changes to shore
up its business, particularly the naming of John Burns as
finance director to succeed Dolf Mootham, who is retiring.
Mr. Burns has been general manager and group chief financial
officer of National Westminster Bank.
   NatWest said it appointed its executive vice president,
Richard Karl Goeltz, to the vacated post. NatWest shares
climbed 12 to 287.
   In Tokyo Friday, the Nikkei fell 431.91 points to close
the morning session at 21180.28.
   Traders said Thursday that the market's wait-and-see mood
deepened amid fears that more disclosures of political
scandals would follow former cabinet minister Fumio Abe's
arrest on bribery charges Monday. Unconfirmed reports
suggesting financial links between some politicians and stock
speculators prompted selling of speculative shares.
   Thursday's first-section volume was estimated at 240
million shares, up from 178.8 million Tuesday. Decliners
outnumbered gainers 597-353, while 168 issues were unchanged.
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first section issues,
which gained 4.56 points Tuesday, was down 6.02 points, or
0.37%, to close at 1618.38.
   French stocks reversed their upward trend in midafternoon
Thursday, sliding along with the early decline on Wall Street
and ending well below the opening level. The CAC 40-stock
index fell 13.44 points to 1860.19. Much of the market
attention concentrated on corporate developments.
   Source Perrier closed up 2.2% at 1,388 French francs
($249.82) as market players began anticipating a takeover of
the company. Perrier is at the center of a complex and
confusing set of relationships among corporations that either
have stakes in the company or apparently would like to.
   Societe Lyonnaise des Eaux closed at 442.50, down 0.90
francs, after the water services, environment and
construction group said 1991 consolidated profit after
payments to minority interests may show a drop of as much as
20% from the 1990 level of 1.45 billion francs because of a
sharp rise in risk provisions.
   Prices on the Frankfurt exchange finished narrowly mixed
as the market consolidated after Wednesday's broad rally.
Optimism continues both on the exchangerate front and on the
potential for lower interest rates, and Thursday's action was
seen as a plateau in an upward trend. The DAX 30-stock index
dipped 1.16 points to 1666.34.
   Siemens shares finished 1.80 marks lower at 652 marks
($400) despite Europe's largest electronics group reporting a
6% rise to 398 million marks in fiscal first-quarter profit.
The German company also reported a 6% increase in sales to
16.2 billion marks, but new orders fell by 1% to 20.1 billion
marks in the period ended Dec. 31.
   Acting Chairman Heinrich von Pierer said he expects
"further growth" in new orders for the full fiscal year,
however, and not a decline as posted in the first quarter.
"The growth will be flatter than last year, however," he
said.
   Swedish shares advanced in heavy trading as the market
continued a rally begun in Wednesday's session. Recent gains
have lured buyers to the market, creating heavy volume that
further underscores the market's strength. Trading remained
focused on blue-chips, and the narrow blue-chip 16 index
gained 0.97%, rising to 919.50 from 910.68 on Wednesday.
   In Zurich, Swiss blue-chips lost much of the gains posted
earlier in the week on selective profit-taking. Wall Street's
weak opening also contributed to the easing.
   But while most blue-chips were affected by profit-taking,
second-tier shares posted small gains. The Credit Suisse
stock index, measuring mainly second-tier stocks, was up 0.3%
to 472, while the Swiss market index was off 0.7% to 1760.3.
   Elsewhere in Europe, stocks gained ground in Milan, fell
in Madrid and closed mixed in Amsterdam and Brussels.
   In Hong Kong, share prices advanced solidly Thursday to a
third consecutive record, helped by enthusiasm over Wall
Street's gains and optimism on U.S.-China trade talks.
   The blue-chip Hang Seng index climbed 29.48 to 4412.14 on
the back of a 57-point rise the preceding two days. The
broader Hong Kong index gained 19.20 to 2878.48.
   Share prices on the Taiwan Stock Exchange also rose
strongly and broadly in active trading Thursday, closing
solidly above the 5000 resistance level. The weighted index
surged 83.89 points, or 1.69%, to 5022.96 after declining
8.09 points Wednesday.
   Observers said investors have come into the market in the
expectation that Taipei shares will maintain their upward
trend ahead of the Chinese Lunar New Year, which falls on
Feb. 4.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                 % 1991
                                Jan 15   Jan 14    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .....................     392.7    392.2   + 28.0
 Britain ..................     749.9    743.0   + 17.3
 Canada ...................     412.1    409.5   + 12.4
 Japan ....................     936.4    936.4   -  5.8
 France ...................     529.0    520.7   + 24.7
 Germany ..................     255.8    250.4   + 13.4
 Hong Kong ................    3182.1   3159.6   + 46.5
 Switzerland ..............     218.3    213.8   + 29.3

 World index ..............     522.4    526.6   + 13.2