Your Money Matters:
   Brokerage Firms Have a Banner Year
   As Stock Picks Far Outperform Market
   ----
   By John R. Dorfman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Stocks on the recommended lists of 10 large brokerage
houses rose an average of 50%, according to a study by this
newspaper and Zacks Investment Research Inc. of Chicago. And
all of the houses' picks beat the Standard  Poor's 500-stock
index, a common yardstick among professional investors.
   That made 1991 by far the best year the brokerage houses
have had since the Journal and Zacks started tracking their
stock picks in mid-1986. Only five of the 10 firms managed to
beat the SP 500 in 1987, six in 1988, four in 1989, and only
one in 1990. The best previous average gain was 31.4% in
1989.
   The stock market's rising tide clearly helped. The study
shows that Wall Street firms tend to outperform during rising
markets, and to underperform in falling ones. The average
"beta" of Wall Street recommendations is 1.14. That means
that when the market moves a given amount up or down, the
brokerage houses' picks usually move 1.14 times as far. With
the SP up 30.5% (including dividends) last year, you'd
expect the average brokerage-house pick to be up 34.8%.
   But they did even better. One reason is that small stocks
thrived in 1991. Since Wall Street firms often pepper their
lists with a healthy sprinkling of smaller stocks, the 1991
market proved a friendly climate.
   Far and away the best performance was by Raymond James 
Associates Inc. of St. Petersburg, Fla. Its picks rose 104.7%
for the year, beating by a wide margin the next-best firms,
A.G. Edwards  Sons Inc. of St. Louis, up 58.2%, and Sears,
Roebuck  Co.'s Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., up 54.5%.
   Raymond James also topped the study's rankings for the
five years ended in December, and has led for five
consecutive quarters. No house previously has had such a long
winning streak, although Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co., a
unit of Primerica Corp., led for three straight quarters in
1989.
   The Florida firm's forte is small stocks. Its average pick
has a market capitalization (stock-market value) of only $664
million. By contrast, the average "market cap" for picks at
the other nine firms ranges from $1.5 billion at Merrill
Lynch  Co. to $7.7 billion at PaineWebber Group's
PaineWebber Inc.
   For the latest quarter, Raymond James's big winners
included pollution-control consultant TRC Cos., up 62%;
computer and software maker Reynolds  Reynolds Co., up 45%;
gambling-equipment maker International Game Technology, up
35%; and health-care provider Ramsay HMO Inc., up 28%. For
the most part, the firm has avoided major losers, though
medical-device maker Cordis Corp. slid 19%.
   Some stock-pickers today favor cyclical stocks, which rise
and fall with the economy. Classic cyclicals are steel, auto,
chemical, paper and metal stocks. David Henwood, Raymond
James's director of research, prefers "softer cyclicals" in
areas such as carpeting, home furnishings, restaurants,
gaming, banking and environmental protection.
   The average stock on his recommended list sells for about
15.9 times the past four quarters' per-share earnings. That
compares with a price-earnings ratio of 23 for the SP 500.
   Even more value-conscious are A.G. Edwards and Smith
Barney, runners-up for the year and five-year period,
respectively. The average P-E ratio at Smith Barney is 12.2,
at Edwards 13.9. Edwards's stocks have the highest dividend
yield, 3.6%; Smith Barney's the second highest, 3.1%.
   Terry Dessent, Edwards's research director, says stocks
are "at an extremely high level." He would be especially
cautious with high-flying medical stocks. But he thinks
selected cyclicals will do well. Samples: CML Group Inc.,
parent to Nordic Track and Nature Co.; Kaydon Corp., a maker
of bearings, rings and filters; and Tribune Co., a newspapers
and broadcasting concern.
   At Smith Barney, "Our guess is that the market will do no
better than go sideways" for the next few months, says John
Hoffman, associate director of research. For the full year,
he can see the Dow Jones Industrial Average "drifting up to
3400 or 3500." With an economic recovery due later this year,
he says, investors should have some cyclicals, such as Dow
Chemical Co., Westvaco Corp., Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and
Intel Corp. As a "contrarian" move, he suggests one or two
oil stocks.
   Last in the 1991 standings was Merrill Lynch. Unlike other
firms, Merrill for years declined to specify a list of stocks
it wanted to be judged by in the Journal-Zacks study, and so
was judged on the basis of its analysts' "strong buy"
recommendations. Then last year, Merrill asked to be judged
on the basis of its "Focus One" stocks. It was judged on that
list for the fourth quarter, and ranked fifth, with a 12.5%
return. Southwest Airlines Co., Gillette Co., General Motors
Corp. Class E, and Automatic Data Processing Inc. did best,
up 31% to 40%.
   Merrill says that had it been judged by the Focus One list
-- and a predecessor list -- all along, it would have posted
a 40% return for 1991 and a 168% return for 1987-1991.
However, since many firms have several recommended lists, the
Journal doesn't allow firms to choose retroactively what list
will be used in the study.
   Here's a quick rundown on the other six firms:
   Dean Witter ranked third for 1991, even though it leans
toward larger stocks (the average market cap for its picks is
$4.7 billion). "We think the market's going to rest for a
while," says research director Manny Korman. Still, he likes
"soft cyclicals," including appliance retailer Circuit City
Stores Inc., Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. and the gambling
stock Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. A favorite dividend play
is Plum Creek Timber Co.
   Prudential Securities Inc., a unit of Prudential Insurance
Co. of America, ranked fourth for 1991. "We think the economy
is at a standstill" and will improve slowly, says research
director Michael Culp. Cyclical stocks aren't for him, thank
you. He prefers growth stocks such as Liz Claiborne Inc.,
Philip Morris Cos., Anheuser-Busch Co., Merck  Co., Gillette
Co. and Centocor Inc.
   Kidder Peabody  Co. ranked last in the study for the
five-year period, but strategist Stefan Abrams says its "more
disciplined" approach lately is paying off. The General
Electric Co. unit ranked second in the latest quarter. Mr.
Abrams expects about a 10% rise in the market this year. He
thinks investors should give more weight than usual to
cyclicals but shouldn't "pitch their growth stocks overboard"
because once they're sold, it's psychologically difficult to
buy back in at higher prices.
   PaineWebber says investors should divide holdings equally
between "plain vanilla" growth stocks and "rocky road" growth
stocks. The former are food, drug and tobacco stocks such as
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Merck, Philip Morris, Coca-Cola
Co., and Pet Inc., says research director James Voytko. The
latter are cyclical growth companies such as Allied-Signal
Corp., Minnesota Mining  Manufacturing Co., Intel and
General Electric Co. He would avoid classic cyclicals such as
steel, metal, paper and chemical stocks.
   Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., a unit of American Express
Co., ranks fourth for the five-year period. Lately, it has
lagged behind most competitors but has still beaten the
market averages. Fred Fraenkel, research director, says
conservative investors can get a "good total return" in
telephone, electric utility and oil stocks, while more daring
investors should head into cyclicals such as International
Business Machines Corp. and Union Camp Corp., along with
financial stocks.
   Goldman Sachs  Co. ranked ninth for the year and last for
the quarter, though it still holds third place for the
five-year period. Too many energy and utility stocks on its
Focus List were the culprit, says research director William
Kealy. Indeed, four energy stocks -- Norsk Hydro ADRs,
Kerr-McGee Corp., Phillips Petroleum Co. and Repsol S.A. ADRs
-- were among the firm's biggest losers in the recent
quarter, sagging 7% to 17%.
   ---
     Comparing Brokerage House's Stock-Picking Prowess
                                                                                                       

   Estimated performance of stocks recommended by major firms
in periods ended Dec. 31, 1991, ranked by performance in the
most recent 12 months.
                                                                                                       

 Brokerage  Latest  One   Five   Biggest Gain   Biggest Loss
   House     Qtr.   Year  Years     In Qtr.*      In Qtr.*
                                                                                                       

 Raymond
   James    17.5%  104.7% 270.6% TRC Cos.  62%  Cordis  -19%
                                                                                                       

 A.G.                                           Auto-
   Edwards  10.2    58.2  123.6  CML Group 57   desk    -40
                                                                                                       

 Dean                                           First
   Witter   12.6    54.5  119.8  OEA       51   Brands  -36
                                                                                                       

 Prudential 10.5    49.4  103.8  Gillette  38   Coastal -22
                                                                                                       

 Smith                           Adv.
   Barney   13.6    41.3  145.2  Micro.    87   Cordis  -19
                                                                                                       

 Kidder                                         FHP
   Peabody  13.7    40.9   89.5  Gillette  38   Int'l   -42
                                                                                                       

 Paine-                                         Tandem
   Webber   10.1    40.6   94.7  Medtronic 34   Computer -22
                                                                                                       

 Shearson                                       Amerada
   Lehman    9.9    39.5  130.5  Amgen     37   Hess    -16
                                                                                                       

 Goldman                         U.S.           Norsk
   Sachs     9.8    37.5  141.6  Surgical  45   Hydro   -17
                                                                                                       

 Merrill                         Southwest      Natl. Med.
   Lynch    12.5    33.5   95.2  Air       40   Entrpr. -37
                                                                                                       

   Comparison Yardsticks
                                                                                                       

 DJIA       +5.9   +24.3 +100.5
                                                                                                       

 SP 500    +8.4   +30.5 +104.0
                                                                                                       


results will vary.
   *For all that portion of the fourth quarter during which a
particular brokerage house recommended the stock.
                                                                                                       

   Source: Zacks Investment Research Inc.