New Jersey Governor
   Seeks Change to Cut
   Pension Contribution
In addition, the Florio administration proposed an
increase in the projected rate of return used by the
retirement plans to determine their funding needs. The new
return rate would be 8.75% vs. the current 7%. The projected
salary increases for public employees also would be raised to
6.25% from the current 5%.
   The pension-fund changes are included in a proposed $15.7
billion state budget for the fiscal year beginning July 1
that Gov. Florio is scheduled to present to legislators
today. If approved, the changes also would save the state
$572 million in pension contributions scheduled for the
current fiscal year.
   Pension experts said the proposed changes in New Jersey
were more conservative than those adopted last year in
California and other states, which critics had denounced as
"raids" on the public-employee pension funds to help close
state budget gaps.
   Many public-employee retirement funds nationwide already
use market prices to value their assets. Corporate pension
funds are required to follow market pricing under federal
law. New Jersey's higher projected rates of return also are
in line with assumptions used by many other corporate and
public funds, experts said.