Alcoa Is Setting Aside
   Added $160 Million
   For Cleanup Reserves
The additional reserves stem from a review of world-wide
operations ordered by Chairman Paul H. O'Neill after Alcoa
pleaded guilty in July to criminal hazardous waste violations
at its Massena, N.Y., plant. The state had charged Alcoa with
some 2,000 toxic discharges over five years in the late
1980s.
   Alcoa, which had already pledged $50 million of last
year's reserve to the Massena facility, will devote the
largest portion of the latest $160 million to Massena. The
rest will cover less severe problems at almost all of Alcoa's
100 world-wide operations over 10 years.
   The company said the new reserves don't indicate any
serious new troubles at Massena, adding that the "situations
are fairly well known to the authorities." An Alcoa spokesman
wouldn't rule out further charges, but said its current
reserves reflect the "probable cost" of all cleanups.
   Alcoa is currently funding a study -- along with Reynolds
Metals Co. and General Motors Corp. -- to assess further
cleanup penalties in Massena. However, a spokesman for New
York's attorney general said that study hasn't begun, making
the timing of Alcoa's latest move unusual.
   "I'm a bit surprised at the size of this," said Prudential
Securities analyst J. Clarence Morrison, who had expected
smaller charges over a longer time. However, he said Alcoa's
total environmental reserves, which will now climb to $500
million, are still "conservative" for a company of Alcoa's
size.