Equitable of Iowa
   To Shed Younkers
   Via Initial Offering
Equitable put the chain on the block in 1989, but dropped
the effort after receiving what it considered unsatisfactory
bids. Since then, Younkers management has bought a 3.4%
stake, which will shrink to a 2.6% interest after the
offering.
   Equitable said it will use proceeds from the sale of its
4,703,555 Younkers shares for its life insurance and annuity
business. Younkers itself plans to sell 1,466,445 new shares
and use proceeds to reduce debt. The sale is scheduled for
April.
   Goldman, Sachs  Co. will lead the underwriting group.
Younkers estimated the offering price at $15.50 to $18.50 a
share.
   Younkers lately has performed better than many department
stores, which have been forced to discount heavily to combat
slumping sales. In 1991, Younkers's income before unusual
items more than doubled and its sales at stores open at least
a year rose 3.2%. The unit's net income, after a $6.2 million
gain from an accounting change, soared to $12.8 million from
$2.6 million. Younkers has stores in Iowa, Nebraska,
Illinois, North Dakota and Minnesota.
   In 1991, Equitable's net income rose 75% to $40.5 million,
or $5.71 a share, from $23.2 million, or $3.27 a share. Its
shares rose 25 cents to $46.50 in national-over-the-counter
trading yesterday.