Cyprus Minerals
   Had $32 Million
   4th-Period Loss
   ----
   By Marj Charlier
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the year, the mining company will report net income of
about $40 million on revenue of about $1.7 billion. In 1990,
the company earned $111 million, after $63 million in
write-offs, on revenue of $1.87 billion. For the 1991 fourth
quarter, revenue will be more than $400 million, Mr. Stone
said. In 1990, the mining company reported fourth-quarter net
of $8.4 million, or about 12 cents a share, on revenue of
$478 million.
   But 1992 will probably be an even tougher year for the
company, Mr. Stone said, as Cyprus won't be able to refine
its copper concentrates for at least the first six months of
the year while it builds a new smelter at Miami.
   The company realized a copper price of about $1.06 a pound
in 1991, compared with $1.19 a pound in 1990, Mr. Stone said.
   Cyprus's Miami smelter caught fire in November. The timing
of the fire and closing of the smelter put the company at a
disadvantage because rates charged for smelting copper at
toll smelters have increased to 40 cents a pound from about
15 cents a pound in the past year because of a world-wide
shortage of smelter capacity.
   As a result, the company will stockpile its mine
production for the next six months rather than pay high tolls
to have it refined at other smelters, Mr. Stone said. That
will cut income from copper sales in 1992.
   In addition, the company expects costs of copper
production to increase in 1992 because it anticipates mining
lower-grade ore at all three of its copper mines and it
expects higher stripping costs at two of the mines.
   Also affecting earnings were soft coal prices, depressed
by the recession, the chairman said. Cyprus closed its Empire
Mine in Colorado this month because of weak demand.
   Iron ore and molybdenum prices are also soft, and the
company's goal for 1992 is to have break-even cash flow at
those operations, Mr. Stone said. The company's lithium
business, however, has bucked the downward trend in other
businesses. Earnings from lithium production rose to about
$20 million before tax in 1991 from about $17 million in
1990.
   The company will be looking for more global opportunities
and joint ventures, such as the coal exploration agreement
Cyprus signed with Venezuela's state-owned oil company,
Petroleos de Venezuela S.A., in December, Mr. Stone said.