ConAgra's Net Rose
   20% in Third Period
   On 4% Sales Decline
For the nine months, earnings rose 16% to $264.5 million,
or $1.07 a share, from $228.1 million, or 99 cents a share.
Sales rose 3% to $15.6 billion from $15.2 billion.
   Operating profit at the company's largest industry
segment, prepared foods, fell slightly for the quarter, but
came in ahead for the nine months.
   ConAgra said Armour Swift-Eckrich was a "major
contributor" to its earnings growth during the quarter.
Hunt-Wesson's operating profit was "even" with last year, and
earnings were better than expected. Beatrice Cheese
third-quarter earnings were "well ahead" of last year. All
three businesses were acquired as part of the August 1990
acquisition of Beatrice Co.
   ConAgra said earnings at its poultry products business
fell in the quarter, mainly because excessive industry supply
pressured margins and made the chicken products business
unprofitable. Results from the company's poultry products
segment rose "modestly" through the nine months as stronger
turkey products results offset earnings in the chicken
products business.
   The company's consumer frozen food business experienced a
"major earnings drop" in both the quarter and nine months.
The company cited the "fiercely competitive" industry
environment as well as the support of new products.