International:
   Toyota's Pretax Profit Dropped 30%
   In 1st Half, Despite 1.6% Gain in Sales
   ----
   By Yumiko Ono
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The spokesman added that Toyota's aggressive plant and
equipment investment in the past few years has burdened the
company with high depreciation costs, at a time when labor
costs were rising.
   For the six months ended Dec. 31, pretax profit declined
to 208.88 billion yen ($1.64 billion) from 298.14 billion yen
a year earlier.
   Sales, however, rose 1.6% to 4.435 trillion yen from 4.365
trillion. Net profit dropped 34% to 103.58 billion yen from
156.24 billion.
   The results were in line with company forecasts released
in December. Analysts said that while the figures also came
as no surprise to the market, Toyota's 62% plunge in
operating profit to 77.03 billion yen was the biggest drop
since 1982, when the company's sales and manufacturing
sections merged.
   Although the large operating profit drop was expected,
"it's really, really bad," said Koji Endo, an analyst with
S.G. Warburg Securities (Japan) Inc. While Toyota has tended
to be viewed as being much less affected by sluggish sales
than other auto makers, "now things are bad for Toyota just
like everyone else," he said.
   Analysts said that slowing demand in Japan and the U.S.
was another major factor in the results. In particular, sales
of Toyota's new Corolla model, introduced in Japan in June,
were below expectations, as many Japanese consumers believed
that the car's price was relatively expensive for its
performance.
   Toyota's domestic vehicle sales dropped 4.6%, or by 57,711
units, to 1.2 million units. Exports rose 3.9%, or by 32,309
units, to 857,538.
   Although Toyota officials conceded that lackluster sales
will continue for a while longer, they were hopeful that the
recent relaxation of Japanese monetary policy through
discount rate cuts will help the domestic market pick up in
the latter half of this year.
   For the year ending June 30, the company maintained its
earlier forecast of a 30% drop in parent pretax profit to 400
billion yen, a 5.1% increase in sales to nine trillion yen
and a 39% drop in net income to 200 billion yen.