Bridge Is Indeed a Game of Suits,
   But Not Often This Kind of Suit
   ----
   By Jonathan M. Moses
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mrs. Harrison, who signed the trust papers one month after
suffering a stroke in May 1990, seeks to regain control of
her assets. Her lawyers claim that two of her four children
took advantage of their mother after her stroke and cajoled
her into signing the trust agreement. Mrs. Harrison's
children and 10 grandchildren are the chief beneficiaries of
the trust, which includes 366,000 shares of Du Pont stock,
among other assets.
   Mrs. Harrison's lawyers say the two children are unhappy
with her marriage in June 1990 to Boyd deBrossard and that
they are trying to prevent their mother from "providing" for
her new husband. The children claim that Mrs. Harrison
intends to do more than just provide for him: They say she
plans to give him a $6 million marital gift.
   Mr. deBrossard, 71, was an investment broker before his
retirement. He didn't return a phone call seeking comment.
   To counter the argument that Mrs. Harrison was incompetent
when she signed the trust agreement, her descendants' lawyers
disclosed in court that she had played bridge with her usual
high level of skill on May 23, 1990, three weeks after her
stroke. Under questioning, Mrs. Harrison acknowledged that
she and Mr. deBrossard had teamed up for a game.
   If she could understand "the bidding conventions and
strategies" of bridge, the descendants' lawyers argued, then
she certainly had the strength of mind to understand and
agree to a trust controlling her assets. Mrs. Harrison's
lawyers countered that her ability to remember skills she had
honed over a lifetime -- she is a "life master" -- didn't
reflect on whether she could understand something new and
foreign, such the terms of a trust agreement.
   However the lawsuit over the trust turns out, it seems
clear that Mrs. Harrison hadn't lost her skills as a bridge
player: She and her partner won.