Marketing  Media:
   Disney Chairman
   Predicts Fiscal '92
   Will Be `Superior'
   ----
   By Stephen J. Sansweet
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In the year ended Sept. 30, 1991, Disney reported a 23%
drop in net income to $636.6 million, or $4.78 a share, while
revenue rose 5.8% to $6.18 billion. The company blamed the
sluggish economy, which led to lower levels of tourism, and
box-office results that were less than expected.
   In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday,
Disney was quoted at $122.50, up $2.50.
   In proxy material for its annual meeting, Disney said it
will nominate New York architect Robert A.M. Stern, 52 years
old, as a corporate director. Mr. Stern designed the fanciful
Casting Center at Florida's Walt Disney World, along with
hotels there and at Euro Disney. Two current directors,
Caroline Leonetti Ahmanson and Donn B. Tatum, a one-time
Disney chairman, aren't standing for re-election. Thus, after
Mr. Stern's election, the board will number 13.
   The proxy material notes that for the second consecutive
year, neither Mr. Eisner nor Disney President Frank Wells
exercised any Disney stock options, a benefit that provided
sizable windfalls for them in years past. Mr. Eisner received
a base salary of $750,000 and a bonus, based on a pre-set
formula, of $4.7 million, down from last year's $10.5
million. Mr. Wells got base pay of $400,000 and a bonus of
$2.3 million, down from $5.2 million.
   In the annual report's financial review, Disney reiterated
its stated objective of achieving 20% earnings growth over
any five-year period, along with a 20% annual return on
stockholders' equity. The company noted it had a 25% compound
annual earnings-per-share growth from continuing operations
in the five-year period ending with 1991. But it fell short
of its annual return-on-equity target last year, coming in at
17%.
   "The decline in earnings experienced in 1991, if coupled
with a continued weak economy in 1992, would make it
difficult for the company to achieve its EPS objective in the
short term," Disney said. "However, on an on-going basis from
1991, the company continues to view 20% earnings growth over
future five-year periods and 20% annual return on equity as
realistic financial objectives."