Securities Offering Calendar
$20.4 billion in three- and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                          Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   $13.75 billion in two-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                        Thursday
                                                                                                       

   $9.25 billion in five-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                          CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                 One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Chemical Banking Corp. -- 50 million common shares, via
Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Citfed Bancorp -- initial 3.5 million common shares, via
Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Engle Homes Inc. -- initial two million common shares, via
PaineWebber Inc.
   Immulogic Pharmaceutical Corp. -- two million common
shares, via Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Menley  James Inc. -- initial two million common shares,
via Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co. Phycor Inc. -- initial
two million common shares, via Alex. Brown  Sons Inc.
   Plains Resources Inc. -- 1.2 million common shares, via
Smith Barney.
   Proffitt's Inc. -- two million common shares, via First
Boston Corp.
   Salick Health Care Inc. -- two million common shares, via
Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   Spectranetics Corp. -- initial two million common shares,
via Kidder Peabody.
   United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. -- three million common
shares, via Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Ventirtex Inc. -- initial 4.7 million common shares, via
Robertson, Stephens  Co.
   Whole Foods Market Inc. -- initial 1.5 million common
shares, via Robertson Stephens.
                                                                                                       

                       MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                       Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   Los Angeles Dept. of Water and Power -- $223,370,000 of
1992 refunding revenue bonds, including $160,260,000 of
electric plant refunding revenue bonds and $63,110,000 of
waterworks refunding revenue bonds, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   Anne Arundel County, Md. -- $65 million of general
obligation bonds, 1992 Series, via competitive bid.
   Dade County School District, Fla. -- $200 million of
school unlimited tax general obligation bonds, via
competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                        Thursday
                                                                                                       

   Maricopa County, Ariz. -- $128,750,000 of refunding bonds,
1992 Series, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                  One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Alabama Municipal Electric Authority -- $93,390,000 of
power supply system revenue refunding bonds, via a Merrill
Lynch group.
   Brazos Higher Education Authority, Texas -- $101 million
of student loan revenue refunding bonds, 1992 Series A, via a
Texas Commerce Bank N.A. group.
   Broward County, Fla. -- $220 million of general obligation
refunding bonds, via a Lehman Brothers Inc. group.
   Kings River Conservation District, Calif. -- $65 million
of revenue bonds, via a Smith Barney group.
   New York State Economic Research Development Authority --
$100 million of revenue bonds, (Con Edison project), via a
Goldman Sachs group.
   Pennsylvania State University -- $109 million of refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series, via a Mellon Bank group.
   University of North Carolina Board of Governors -- $60
million of hospital revenue bonds, (University of North
Carolina Hospitals at Chapel Hill project), with capital
appreciation bonds, via a Merrill Lynch group.