OTC Focus:
   Dull Stocks
   Are Becoming
   New Leaders
   ----
   By Anne Newman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The OTC market now is being buoyed by a rush for shares of
small-to-mediumsized companies, including shares of lagging
concerns that probably will rebound with the economy.
   "Some new leaders will emerge this year," among them
long-distance carrier MCI Communications, suggests Merrill
Lynch technical analyst George Constantine. He also has been
recommending purchase of Goulds Pumps. Despite this year's
surge, the stock sells at about 17 times estimated 1992
earnings of $1.65 a share and, he says, has more room to
climb. "The dull, mundane companies are up in spades," adds
Peter Schliemann of Boston's Babson Enterprise I Fund. His
economy-sensitive fund has climbed nearly 13% this year,
while the big stocks in Standard  Poor's 500 Index are
sagging slightly.
   Shares of such companies as Falcon Products, a St. Louis
maker of table pedestals and other furniture for fast-food
chains, have soared 39%. After languishing last year at about
$7 a share, Falcon Products took off in November when the
company sold 1,250,000 additional shares at $8.63 each,
giving big shareholders such as Babson and Fidelity
Investments the opportunity to gobble up more stock (Fidelity
now has a 6.5% stake in the company).
   Although the fast-food market is largely saturated with
restaurants, Mr. Schliemann notes, Falcon Products is growing
rapidly as existing restaurants redecorate. The company
swoops in with pre-built furniture made at a low-cost,
Mexican plant and refurbishes restaurants without their
having to close. He expects the company to earn 80 to 85
cents a share in the fiscal year ending in November, up from
69 cents a share in 1991. The stock trades at 13.5 times his
estimated earnings.
   Smaller, more obscure shares are leading the OTC market
higher, outpacing larger stocks. The Russell 2000 index of
small stocks is up 10.8% this year and The Nasdaq Composite
Index of more than 4,500 smaller shares is up 7.4%, but big
stocks are lagging: the Nasdaq 100 Index of large OTC stocks
is up 3.5% and the Standard  Poor's 500 index of large
shares is off more than 1.3%. That's a different pattern than
last year, when a 65% surge in the Nasdaq 100 led the 56.8%
charge in the Nasdaq Composite Index.
   Shares of financial printer Merrill Corp. have climbed
more than 11% this year as investors expect the St. Paul,
Minn., company to profit from the flood of companies selling
new stock to investors. Among other documents, Merrill
prepares and prints the financial and legal papers that
companies must circulate among prospective investors before
they sell new stock. Merrill's shares remain attractive, says
John Tauer, who manages about $255 million in emerging growth
stocks for Piper Capital Management of Minneapolis. At
Friday's close of 28 1/2, the stock sells at a little more
than 15 times estimated earnings of $1.85 a share for the
year ending in January 1993.
   In the past year, Mr. Tauer has slashed his holdings in
utility, health care and consumer-good stocks that typically
perform well during recessions. In their place, he has loaded
up on the shares of companies whose fortunes are more closely
tied to the economy, among them: retailer Ross Stores of
Newark, Calif., paper manufacturer Wausau Paper Mills of
Wausau, Wis., and Quality Food Centers, a Bellevue, Wash.,
food retailer.
   Mr. Tauer doesn't plan to jettison health care stocks
entirely, although he has trimmed his medical-related
holdings to about 13% of his total portfolio from 20%. "With
the aging of the population, we expect them to still grow,"
he says. Heartvalve maker St. Jude Medical remains a
long-term favorite. After swooning about 14% this year to
Friday's close of 47, St. Jude's shares sell at about 22
times estimated 1992 earnings of $2.18 a share; Mr. Tauer
expects the company to sustain a 20% or higher growth rate.
   If Tokos Medical falls much further, money manager
Elizabeth B. Dater of E.M. Warburg, Pincus  Co. says she may
snap up the stock: shares of the Santa Ana, Calif., company
have slipped nearly 20% this year. As a provider of prenatal
monitoring at home and other health services, Tokos fits one
of Ms. Dater's investment themes: "I still believe in medical
cost-containment," she says. "I haven't abandoned health care
stocks."
   Yet she's also betting on trucker Arkansas Freightways.
Since the Harrison, Ark., company recently acquired one of
its larger competitors, its earnings are expected to grow
about 20% a year, she says. Its stock sells at about 20 times
analysts' estimated 1992 earnings of $1.82 a share.
   An even bigger bet on a recovering economy is VeriFone, a
Redwood City, Calif., company that makes devices used to
authorize credit cards. If retail sales pick up, so will
VeriFone's business, Ms. Dater notes, adding that the company
dominates the world-wide market for credit-card
accreditation. At Friday's close of 25 7/8, its stock sells
at about 25 times analysts' expected 1992 earnings of $1.03 a
share; she expects profits to grow about more than 25% a
year.
   ---
   Friday Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   Over-the-counter stocks edged lower, but traders said the
activity was skewed as investors unwound positions related to
the expiration of stock options.
   The Nasdaq Composite Index slipped 2.48 to 629.75, a 0.39%
loss. Declining issues outpaced advancers, 1,133 to 1,098,
but 154 stocks climbed to new highs as only 22 fell to new
lows. OTC volume fell to 246.8 million shares from 247.1
million Thursday.
   For the week, the smaller shares lagged behind larger ones
as the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 1.05%, compared with a
1.05% rise in the Dow Jones industrials.
   Among Friday's most active issues, Memorex Telex gained
11/32 to 1 5/8 on 7.3 million shares; Centocor rose 1 5/8 to
35 5/8 on 2.6 million shares, and Sun Microsystems eased 1/2
to 33.
   Access Health Marketing, a new issue, traded 1.6 million
shares, and closed at 6 3/4, down from its offering price of
$7 a share. Its initial offering totaled two million shares,
including 500,000 that were sold by existing holders. The
Citrus Heights, Calif., company provides marketing products
and services to health care companies.
   Healthdyne jumped 1 7/8 to 26 1/8. The company reported
that fourth-quarter earnings rose to 26 cents a share from
five cents a share a year earlier and added that it's
comfortable with estimates that it will earn $1.20 to $1.25 a
share in 1992. The Marietta, Ga., medical equipment concern
said, however, that it may restate its 1991 earnings of 82
cents a share, to reflect a charge of as much as 19 cents
that may be necessary to comply with certain accounting
rules.
   Zeos International lost 4 1/8 to 17 5/8. The company said
fourth-quarter earnings rose to 33 cents a share from 20
cents a year earlier, but the profit trailed an estimate of
37 cents a share provided by First Call, a unit of Thomson
Financial Networks.
   Supercuts climbed 2 1/8 to 22 1/8 after PaineWebber Inc.
analyst Craig Bibb raised his rating on the stock to "buy"
from "attractive," Dow Jones Professional Investor Report
said. The analyst said he is confident that the franchiser of
hair care stores will meet or exceed his earnings estimates
of four cents a share, including a one-time charge of 15
cents, for the fourth quarter, ended this month.
   Data I/O slipped 1 to 6 5/8 after the company reported
that fourth-quarter earnings dropped to 14 cents a share from
26 cents a share a year earlier. Sales at the Redmond, Wash.,
concern eased to $18.3 million from $18.6 million.