New Securities Issues
Tosco Corp. -- $300 million two-part issue of first
mortgage bonds was priced through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers Inc. The first part, consisting of $100 million
first mortgage bonds, due March 15, 1997, was priced at par
to yield 9%. The second part, consisting of $200 million
first mortgage bonds, due March 15, 2002, was priced at par
to yield 9.625%. Both parts are noncallable. The issue is
rated Ba-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
double-B-plus by Standard  Poor's Corp. While SP and
Moody's assigned the issue junk bond credit ratings, Duff 
Phelps/MCM Investment Research Co. rated the issue
triple-B-minus, which is a low investment-grade credit
rating.
   Albany International Corp. -- $135 million issue
convertible subordinated debentures, due March 15, 2002, was
priced as 5 1/4% at 87.59 to yield 7%. The debentures are
convertible into common at $23 a share, representing a 20.26%
conversion premium over Thursday's closing price. The issue
is noncallable for four years. Rated Ba-2 by Moody's and
double-B-minus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Lehman Brothers.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The offering, Series Gold
1265, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8% mortgage securities.
The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 8.70%
and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29.75
years. The issue settles May 29.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $100 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by First Boston Corp. The
offering, Series Gold 1266, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 7%
five-year balloon mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 7.70% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 4.75 years. The issue settles
May 29.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Nomura Securities
International Inc. The offering, Series Gold 1267, is backed
by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8% mortgage securities. The
collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 8.625% and
weighted average remaining term to maturity of 14.75 years.
The issue settles May 29.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Serving Software Inc. -- Initial 1,150,000 shares, priced
at $4 each through underwriters led by Kinnard  Co. Price
talk was for each share to come to market between $3 and $4.
   Citicorp -- An issue of seven million shares of depositary
cumulative preferred was priced through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co. Investor demand prompted underwriters to
increase the issue from an originally planned six million
shares. The $25-a-share issue is noncallable for five years,
after which it can be called at par. The issue was priced
with a dividend rate of 9.08%. Each depositary share
represents one-tenth of a share of Series 14 preference
stock. The issue is rated Ba-1 by Moody's and triple-B-minus
by SP.
   Chronimed Inc. -- Initial 2,350,000 common shares, priced
at $6 each through underwriters led by Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
Price talk was for each share to come to market between $6
and $7. The company will offer two million shares, and
shareholders will offer 350,000 shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   There were no new European debt issues Friday.