Tacoma, Wash.,
   Bank to Answer
   Takeover Bids
   ----
   By Peter Pae
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
KeyCorp, with $23.16 billion in assets, has in recent
years quietly assembled one of the more far-flung empires in
the banking business. It operates more than 650 branches in
eight states, mostly along the nation's northern tier.
   KeyCorp also is looking to acquire the 86 Washington state
bank branches being spun off by BankAmerica Corp. as a result
of its pending merger with Security Pacific Corp.
   Late Friday, Keycorp contacted analysts inviting them to a
meeting in New York today with its top officials. Analysts
speculated the meeting will involve acquisition plans for
Puget, its interest in the BankAmerica branches or both.
Officially, Keycorp has not publicly announced a bid for
either of the businesses.
   Don Vandenheuvel, Puget Sound's president, confirmed in an
interview that Puget's board was to meet yesterday, and said
the company was tentatively planning to make an announcement
early today about whether it had decided to accept any of the
bids.
   The bank has declined to identify the bidders, but has
said there is more than one. Puget seemed resigned to being
acquired. It pulled an advertising campaign in mid-week that
played off its local roots, and Mr. Vandenheuvel was quoted
as saying in an interview published in Friday's Seattle
Times: "We've always hoped we could remain independent. But
if you don't own the organization, you don't control it."
   In Portland, Ore., a spokesman for U.S. Bancorp declined
to comment on the bidding process, citing a policy against
commenting on market rumors.
   In an interview Friday, William H. Dougherty, KeyCorp's
chief financial officer, said: "Our first priority is to
expand in the Rocky Mountains and the Pacific Northwest,
particularly in markets where we already have a presence."
Keycorp owns banks in Washington state, Oregon, Alaska, Utah,
Wyoming and Idaho, in addition to Maine and New York.
   R. Jay Tejera, an analyst with Dain Bosworth Inc. in
Seattle, said KeyCorp could go for a "grand slam" by
announcing that it was going after branches of both Puget and
BankAmerica. Livia Asher, analyst with Merrill Lynch  Co.,
said KeyCorp could tap "excess capital" from its acquisition
of Puget to go after BankAmerica's branches. "They could
easily do both," Ms. Asher said.
   Though a KeyCorp spokesman declined to comment on the
company's acquisition plans, American Banker said KeyCorp is
offering $40 of its stock for each Puget share. Based on
Puget having 17.9 million shares outstanding, the total value
of the acquisition would be about $715 million.
   "It's slightly more pricey compared to other bank
acquisitions, but that's expected because of the desirability
of the Washington market and the scarcity of franchises
there," said Reid Nagle, president of SNL Securities, a bank
research firm. He noted that for large bank deals in the past
year, the average price paid has been about 14 times the
earnings of the acquired bank. KeyCorp, with a $40-a-share
bid would be paying 15 times earnings.
   Puget, traded in the national over-the-counter market,
closed Friday at $36.25, up 75 cents a share. KeyCorp stock,
listed on the New York Stock Exchange, closed Friday in
composite trading at $45.875, off $1.
   Puget, with $3.7 billion in deposits and 112 branches, is
the last independent bank in Washington with assets of more
than $1 billion. It has a strong market presence in the
Seattle-Tacoma region and as a result has been a acquisition
target for a number of years, although it has fiercely fought
off those buy-out offers.
   But KeyCorp's attractive offer and Puget's lack of a
succession plan for its 65-year-old chairman, William
Philips, makes it more likely that Puget would be acquired,
analysts said.
   By adding the Puget branches to its existing 42 offices in
Washington, KeyCorp, would have the second-largest
market-share of deposits in Washington with $4.9 billion,
behind only the combined bank of BankAmerica and Security
Pacific.
   Although using KeyCorp's stock to acquire Puget would
dilute KeyCorp's shares about 4% to 6%, analysts said KeyCorp
would be able to easily make up the difference by wringing
out annual expense savings of about 5% to 10% at Puget.
   "It isn't a surprise to me," said Bruce Herring, an
analyst with Fidelity Investments, KeyCorp's largest
shareholder. "They've been clear as to what they've wanted in
the Northwest and Puget Sound is it."
   ---
   Richard B. Schmitt in San Francisco and John R. Wilke in
Boston contributed to this article.