United Telecom
   Reports 39% Rise
   In 4th-Quarter Net
   ----
   By John J. Keller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
United Telecom Chairman William Esrey said that Sprint's
first-quarter earnings are likely to be hurt by higher
selling expenses related to new marketing programs. "We're
not at all happy with our (performance) in the residential
and small business market, (where) we've been experiencing
declining market share," he said. "Investment will come
first; the payoff comes second."
   United Telecom's net income grew to $98.1 million, or 45
cents a share, from $70.8 million, or 33 cents a share, in
the year-earlier period. Revenue rose 2.3% to $2.2 billion
from $2.15 billion.
   For the year, the Westwood, Kan., company's earnings
climbed 19% to $367.5 million, or $1.68 a share, from $308.7
million, or $1.43 a share, in 1990. However, 1990 profit was
reduced by a charge of $72 million, or 18 cents a share.
Without that charge, 1990 net would have been $380 million,
or more than 3% higher than United Telecom's 1991 earnings.
Revenue in 1991 increased 5.2% to $8.78 billion from $8.35
billion.
   At Sprint, fourth-quarter revenue was practically
unchanged at $1.34 billion. And Sprint's $80 million in
operating profit, although better than the $51 million in
1990's fourth quarter, was below the third quarter's $90
million.
   For the year, Sprint's operating profit almost doubled to
$295 million from $148 million in 1990. But that gain
reflected the $72 million charge, which if excluded would cut
Sprint's profit growth to 34%. Revenue rose 6.5% to $5.39
billion from $5.06 billion -- or a little better than the
long-distance industry's growth rate.
   "We said in late 1990 that we'd shift our emphasis to
improving margins and we did that," said Mr. Esrey. "You have
to look below the surface."
   "Sprint is dead in the water, they're just not in the
ballgame" compared with other carriers, said Gregory Sawers,
telecommunications analyst at Sanford Bernstein  Co. He
noted that Sprint's rate of growth from quarter to quarter
had declined through most of 1991. That's because "ATT and
MCI have trained their sights on Sprint customers and Sprint
is losing share," added Robert B. Morris III, an analyst at
Goldman, Sachs  Co. The poor economy has "exposed their
weaknesses," he said.
   United Telecom's local phone business fared better.
Operating profit grew 18.8% in the quarter to $164 million
while revenue rose 5% to $719 million. Growth in new phone
lines was 3.4% for the year. Profits from United Telecom's
other businesses, including directories, rose 6.3% to $17
million in the quarter while revenue fell 2.4% to $195.8
million.
   In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange, United
Telecom's shares were quoted at $22.75, down $1.25.