Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Surge 50.32 to High;
   Leap in Transports Spurs Optimism
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The moves by the two indexes rang a Dow Theory "buy" bell,
eliciting predictions that the rally will carry the market
still higher. The theory, named for its creator, Charles Dow,
holds that a market trend is in place as long as both indexes
are moving in the same direction. The health of market
uptrends is confirmed when both indexes reach new highs.
   Proponents of the theory had warned that the
transportation index's steep pullback in January could lead
to a reversal for the overall market. But the transports
rallied back this month even as the industrial average did
little more than mark time.
   With both indexes confirming the uptrend, some analysts
now say the broader market is ready to resume the uptrend
that has been on hold since mid-January.
   "A break through 3300 {on the Dow Jones industrials} would
carry us to around 3500 by the end of March," said Gene Jay
Seagle, director of technical research at Gruntal  Co.
   Traders agree.
   "If we get through this 3300 level we could go screaming
higher," said Edward E. Collins, executive vice president of
institutional trading at Daiwa Securities America.
   Airline stocks led the transports higher.
   UAL jumped 4 3/8 to 155 3/8, AMR rallied 3 1/4 to 79, and
Delta Air Lines added 2 3/4 to 72 1/8. Traders said the
stocks started moving on word that UAL wants to raise its
domestic fares by 2% in March.
   Freight stocks also helped push that index higher. The
index is regarded as an economic indicator because it
represents the distribution of industrial production.
   Federal Express leapt 5 3/8 to 53 3/8, and Carolina
Freight gained 1/2 to 18 1/2.
   The market climbed steadily throughout the day, helped by
computer-guided "buy" programs at various points. Program
buying was restricted shortly after 2 p.m. EST, when the Dow
Jones industrials posted more than a 50-point gain,
triggering New York Stock Exchange circuitbreakers.
   "If we didn't run into that collar on the 50-point move,
this market would probably have been up 75 points today,"
said Gruntal's Mr. Seagle.
   Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index charged ahead 5.64 to
413.90, and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index
rallied 2.85 to 228.60.
   Advancing stocks led decliners, 1,158 to 593. Big Board
volume totaled 270,550,000 shares, up from Wednesday's
232,900,000.
   Shares of car makers rallied along with other economically
sensitive stocks. General Motors rose 5/8 to 39, Ford gained
1/2 to 38 5/8, and Chrysler advanced 1 to 17 3/4.
   While the cyclical stocks that rallied Wednesday kept
climbing yesterday, the buying spread to sectors of the
market that had recently been for sale.
   Among Dow Jones industrial stocks that fell Wednesday but
gained yesterday, Walt Disney jumped 6 1/8 to 151 3/4,
McDonald's gained 1 1/8 to 42 1/8, and Merck rose 3 1/8 to
147 1/4.
   Merck's shares were helped by a study that showed an
antibody made by Merck and Repligen prevented chimpanzees
from contracting the AIDS virus.
   Many other drug stocks were also up in a snap-back rally
from their recent sell-off.
   Johnson  Johnson jumped 1 1/8 to 99 3/4, Pfizer rose 1
5/8 to 71, and Syntex gained 7/8 to 47 1/8.
   Glaxo Holdings slipped 3/8 to 29 1/4, leading the active
list on volume of 5.2 million shares. Profit-takers dumped
the stock after the British drug company said its pretax
profit rose 14% in the latest six months.
   Buyers bid up Harley-Davidson after the motorcycle company
reported fourth-quarter profit of 41 cents a share, far above
analysts' expectations and up from operating profit of 17
cents a share a year earlier.
   Student Loan Marketing Association dropped 2 3/4 to 62 on
word that the Senate is revisiting proposals that could
reduce the role of the student loan repackager.
   Boeing edged up 1/8 to 46 1/4. The company will cut about
6,500 jobs this year because of cutbacks in U.S. military
contracts and a slowdown in commercial aircraft orders.
   Caterpillar eased 1/4 to 52 3/8. The United Auto Workers
rejected Caterpillar's proposal to settle a strike by about
2,400 workers in Peoria, Ill.
   Citicorp gained 3/8 to 17 1/8. The company expects to
report a gain of a little more than $100 million from the
sale of its remaining 49.7% stake in municipal bond insurer
Ambac.
   American Health Properties fell 2 1/2 to 29 1/2. Four
Winds Hospital of Katonah, N.Y., is seeking to defer part of
the interest it owes American Health Properties under a first
mortgage loan agreement on the hospital. American Health said
it expects any reduction in results because of the deferral
to be offset by a $2.8 million gain on the sale of its
interest in a rehabilitation hospital in San Francisco to
Continental Medical Systems. Continental Medical fell 5/8 to
22 1/8.
   Health  Rehabilitation Properties Trust, which invests in
nursing homes and rehabilitation facilities, dropped 1 to 12
3/8.