Abreast of the Market:
   Dow Industrials Rebound 25.49,
   Setting Record on Heavy Volume
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Big Board advancing issues swamped decliners, 1,141 to
578, and volume jumped to 240,690,000 from 208,400,000
Tuesday.
   But investors were unwilling to push stock prices much
above the levels at which they opened this week, making the
day another example of the market's half-optimistic,
half-cautious outlook for an economic recovery, traders said.
While most investors seem to agree that a recovery is on its
way, conflicting economic data are generating concerns that
some economically sensitive companies won't post strong
earnings gains anytime soon.
   Yesterday, for instance, the Commerce Department announced
that new factory orders for durable goods in the U.S. rose a
seasonally adjusted 1.5% in January from December, well above
the 0.6% increase projected in a Dow Jones survey of 10
economists. This positive news on the economy followed by one
day the report of the Conference Board, a business research
organization, that consumer confidence in February had
dropped to its lowest level since December 1974.
   With indicators so conflicted, investors snapped up shares
of retailers and recently maligned growth stocks while
unloading their favorites of recent weeks, stocks of
companies tied to the economic cycle.
   Among retailers, J.C. Penney added 4 1/8 to 63 1/8, Gap
gained 1 1/8 to 50 5/8, and Home Depot rose 2 1/8 to 64 3/8.
Wal-Mart jumped 2 3/8 to 53 7/8 after posting fourth-quarter
earnings of 52 cents a share, on target with analysts'
estimates.
   Investors also favored shares of so-called consumer growth
companies -- whose profits are expected to increase
consistently even in uncertain economic times -- after
beating them down in recent weeks.
   Merck surged 6 1/8 to 158 5/8, Johnson  Johnson added 2
1/2 to 103 1/2, and Coca-Cola added 2 3/8 to 82.
   At the same time, investors bailed out of some more
cyclical issues. International Paper lost 1 to 74 1/4, and
forestry company Louisiana-Pacific fell 1 to 55 3/4.
Bethlehem Steel dropped 1/8 to 15 and Birmingham Steel sagged
3/8 to 24 1/2.
   "Investors are buying retail stocks because they're
bottom-fishing; they figure the news on those stocks can't
get any worse" and that retailers will be among the first to
benefit from a recovery, said Paul Hennessy, head equities
trader at Boston Co. But investors sold cyclicals that tend
to do well only after a recovery is well under way out of
concern that prices have been pumped too high.
   "This is a tired market," said Tom Joyce, a trader at
Merrill Lynch. It "needs some {continuing good economic news}
to sink its teeth into before rising higher."
   But investors are responding to good news about particular
stocks, such as the recent flurry of stock-split
announcements. Splits are often seen as bullish because of
expectations that lower share prices will make the issues
more affordable. For example, Merck would be trading in the
50s instead of the 150s if its 3-for-1 split, announced
Tuesday, were now in effect.
   Raytheon jumped 2 1/2 to 89 1/4; the defense contractor's
board approved a 2-for-1 split yesterday. Shares of
International Game Technology, a game equipment manufacturer,
gained 1 1/2 after the company declared a 2-for-1 split.
Valspar, a paint maker, also set a 2-for-1 split, and the
stock rose 5/8 to 68 3/8.
   ITT gained 5 3/8 to 65 3/8 on heavy volume. Analysts at
two firms reiterated buy recommendations on shares of the
international conglomerate. They said they were encouraged by
Chairman Rand Araskog's comment that the company would take
steps to make its stock "more exciting to the investment
community." The Financial Times said ITT might "split off"
its financial services operation and ITT-Sheraton hotel chain
from its manufacturing units.
   Medtronic jumped 3 3/4 to 82 1/4. The medical technology
company posted earnings of 66 cents a share, slightly better
than the 65 cents a share analysts were expecting. Alex.
Brown  Sons analyst Jonathan W. Osgood boosted his rating on
the stock to "strong buy" from "buy," based on that slight
surprise and on expectations of increased European sales of
Medtronic's Pacer Cardioverter Defibrillator.
   Glenfed lost 1 3/8 to 7 1/8 on heavy volume. The savings
and loan company said continuing increases in non-performing
assets, reflecting poor economic conditions and a
deteriorating real-estate market, would place profitability
in its third quarter ending March 31 "in question."
   Harley-Davidson jumped 4 5/8 to 56 1/2 after Salomon
Brothers analyst Jill Krutick raised her rating on the shares
to "outperform" from "market performer."