Anti-Drug Summit
   Ends in Discord
   Over U.S. Funding
   ----
   By John Harwood
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
President Bush and leaders from Colombia, Peru, Bolivia,
Ecuador, Mexico and Venezuela signed a declaration calling
for "high level" meetings of anti-drug officials each year,
regional training centers to beef up law enforcement, and
involvement of European and Asian governments in the drug
fight. A U.S.-backed proposal to set a goal of a 50%
reduction in cocaine supply and demand was scuttled the day
before by Mr. Fujimori, who insisted that without further
financial aid, such a move would threaten the livelihoods of
some 250,000 peasant farmers who grow the coca plant, which
is processed elsewhere into cocaine.
   At the news conference, Mr. Fujimori complained bitterly
about some $36 million in aid that the U.S. Congress has held
up because of alleged corruption and human rights violations
in Peru.
   Mr. Fujimori also cast doubt on the effectiveness of the
"Andean strategy" established by the U.S., Peru and Bolivia
two years ago, saying that coca leaf production in Peru
hasn't declined. The demand reduction part of the strategy
has also achieved mixed results in the U.S.
   The dispute over funding represented one more bump on a
rocky cross-country trip for Mr. Bush, who received just 69%
of the vote while running unopposed in the South Dakota
primary, struggled with questions about how strongly his
predecessor, Ronald Reagan, supports him, and yesterday saw
the House vote down his economic stimulus program. Mr. Bush
sought to shift blame for limited U.S. aid resources to the
House Democrats, indicating that their "tax and spend
policies" would retard an economic recovery that might permit
more generous assistance.