World Markets:
   Stocks Advance in Tokyo on Thin Turnover,
   Firm in London, Set 52-Week High in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Thursday, the Nikkei index eased 12.73 points to close
the morning session at 21352.04.
   Wednesday's first-section volume was estimated at a thin
200 million shares, up from 157.6 million Tuesday. Gainers
outnumbered losers, 727-231, while 155 issues ended
unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first-section
issues, which edged down 0.85 point Tuesday, rebounded 16.04
points, or 1.04%, to 1552.01.
   The Tokyo market opened softer in the wake of Tuesday's
drop on Wall Street and the yen's weakening against the
dollar. But the Nikkei climbed as high as 21376.69 on
arbitrage buying in the afternoon session, up from the
morning low of 20940.07. Though most investors remained
cautious about pushing stock prices up, medical and
biotechnology issues rose, attracting some individual buying.
The market also was lifted by an absence of selling pressure,
after Tuesday's government report that Japan's economy is no
longer expanding fueled expectations that the Bank of Japan
will cut its discount rate earlier than previously expected.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index rose 18.2 points to 2565.0, near the intraday high of
2571.1. The FT 30-stock index advanced 13.1 points to 2002.9.
Volume was 548.6 million shares, compared with 511 million
Tuesday.
   A squeeze on short positions sent London market-makers
scurrying to find stock as prices were adjusted higher. The
socalled bear squeeze came a day after prices slumped on the
back of a poor performance on Wall Street. Consequently, many
investors had expected another anemic session in London.
Large investors also were sidelined because of anticipated
poor corporate results, political and economic uncertainties,
and anticipation of a weak Wall Street performance Wednesday.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 14.97 points to
1737.27, surpassing its 52-week high of 1729.10 set Monday.
The DAX's all-time high, 1968.55, was recorded on March 31,
1990.
   After German institutions led the buying in the previous
two sessions, an increase in foreign purchases was noted
Wednesday. Now that the Frankfurt market seems to have broken
out of a narrow trading range, analysts said they expected a
steady if unspectacular advance, particularly as investors
continue to hope for falling interest rates this year.
   On other European bourses, stock prices closed at the
day's highs in Paris, where an anticipated day-earlier
correction was overestimated, forcing covering of short
positions. Amsterdam shares gained on a firmer dollar and a
stronger bond market. Madrid prices, reversing early
profit-taking, closed sharply higher with notable gains in
the banking and utilities sectors; hopes for a gradual
decline in Spanish interest rates after Tuesday's easing of
the benchmark rate encouraged purchases of long-term stock
positions.
   Hong Kong shares rose solidly as investors were encouraged
by a U.S. Senate vote Tuesday in which restrictions on
China's most-favored-nation trading status didn't win by a
large enough margin to override a promised presidential veto.
The market was cautious, though, ahead of the unveiling of
Hong Kong's government budget next Wednesday. On other major
Asian and Pacific markets, Singapore's slide continued on
profit-taking; Taipei share prices continued to soften on
fears that the Taiwan government might tighten the money
supply further; and Seoul stocks took a nose-dive, extending
the market's correction to three sessions.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, Asahi Glass was
unchanged at 1,170 yen ($9.01). Group pretax profit for 1991
fell 19% from a year earlier to 63.59 billion yen ($490
million). Asahi attributed the decline mainly to sluggish
glass sales during the global economic slowdown.
   In London, Commercial Union jumped 10 pence, or 2.2%, to
466 pence ($8.10) on a moderately favorable earnings report
that buoyed the general insurance sector. Commercial Union
posted a 1991 pretax loss of #68.6 million ($119.2 million),
a narrower deficit than some analysts had predicted. The
insurer raised its dividend 2.8% to 23.65 pence a share.
Though its domestic market performance was hurt, Commercial
Union's profit rose in the U.S. and the Netherlands, and its
life insurance business did well.
   Kleinwort Benson skidded 11, or 4%, to 265. The merchant
bank posted 1991 pretax profit of #27.9 million, reversing a
year-earlier pretax loss of #68 million. Kleinwort
recommended a final dividend of 10.7 pence a share, which
would make the annual payout 16 pence, unchanged from a year
earlier. But both the latest earnings and the dividend came
up short of market expectations.
   Barclays plummeted 20, or 5.1%, to 374. The bank,
Britain's largest, said 1991 pretax profit slumped 30% to
#533 million, reflecting a 40% increase in provisions for
credit risks to #1.76 billion and a 14% rise in operating
costs. Nonetheless, Barclays will pay an unchanged dividend
of 21.2 pence a share, part of which will have to be financed
by drawing on reserves.
   In Amsterdam, Akzo rose 2.80 guilders, or 1.9%, to 150.50
guilders ($80.64). The chemical giant's 1991 net income fell
13% to 580 million guilders ($310.8 million) after an
extraordinary loss of 111 million guilders for restructuring
costs and provisions for environmental protection; the
year-earlier period included 64 million guilders in
extraordinary losses. The latest performance also was hurt by
lower contributions from companies in which Akzo holds a
minority stake. Operating profit inched up less than 1% to
615 million guilders.
   In Stockholm, Volvo added 1 Swedish kronor to 370 kronor
($61.57). The European Community Commission said it will open
an investigation of a financial sweetener by the Dutch
government in the recent accord to cut its 70% stake in the
auto maker's Volvo Car unit. A finding that the state aid
violates EC competition rules could force Volvo, the Dutch
government and Mitsubishi Motors of Japan to revise terms of
a partnership accord on the Dutch Volvo unit.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This
                              Feb 25    Feb 24     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ....................  384.2     385.8     - 1.5
   Britain .................  758.5     762.4     + 2.9

   Japan ...................  884.1     884.1     -10.6
   France ..................  550.2     556.9     +10.0
   Germany .................  266.5     266.8     + 9.6
   Hong Kong ............... 3503.3    3468.2     +13.2
   Switzerland .............  223.4     223.8     + 9.0
   Australia ...............  350.8     347.0     - 0.1
   World index .............  509.1     510.8     - 4.9