What's News --
   Business and Finance
The Treasury will sell more bonds or notes when needed to
head off severe squeezes such as one in May that touched off
the Salomon scandal. Regulators also propose to make all
bidding for Treasury debt public and to require
U.S.-sponsored agencies to register their securities with the
SEC.
                                                                                                       

   Salomon expects to report that its fourth-quarter loss
doubled, reflecting oil-trading losses and the effects of the
firm's Treasury scandal.
   ---
   IBM posted a $1.38 billion fourth-quarter loss after
taking a bigger-than-expected charge, but said its mainframe
computers sold well and its costs fell faster than expected.
Separately, IBM intends to introduce a number of workstations
tomorrow.
   ---
   Bush's budget proposal to be unveiled next week complies
with the 1990 budget law by relying on accounting gimmicks,
questionable interpretations of the statute, and other
maneuvers, say legislative analysts.
                                                                                                       

   Defense savings should be used for domestic programs, not
tax cuts, the Senate appropriations chairman said.
   ---
   Industrial production fell 0.2% in December for its third
consecutive drop. Most of the decline stemmed from a 3% drop
in utility output. Auto industry production was down 2.3%.
                                                                                                       

   The U.S. trade deficit narrowed in November to its
smallest since 1983 as the weak domestic economy helped push
imports down by 5.5%, while exports climbed to a record.

   Blue-chip stocks and bond prices surged, while the dollar
tumbled. The Dow Jones industrials jumped 15.43 points to a
record 3264.98. But prices of over-the-counter stocks
slipped.
   ---
   LTV said it is close to agreements with its creditors on a
reorganization plan that would end the company's 5
1/2-year-old bankruptcy-court case.
   ---
   The IRS issued proposed guide lines that clarify its move
to tax some of the payments that nonprofit events receive
from corporate sponsors.
   ---
   SCEcorp's earnings sank 37% in the fourth quarter, hurt by
one-time charges. The utility concern expects essentially
flat 1992 operating profit.
   ---
   Chiron won an FDA panel's backing to sell IL-2, a kidney
cancer drug, despite sometimes lethal effects.
   ---
   Ford's First Nationwide thrift unit agreed to settle
government charges of mismanagement for $400,000.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 284,560,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3264.98, up 15.43; transportation 1421.90, off 23.91;
utilities 211.82, off 0.12.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4262.72, up 25.48.
   Commodities: Oil $19.16 a barrel, up 25 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.61, up 0.03; spot index 114.86, up 0.44.
   Dollar: 124.45 yen, off 3.90; 1.5930 marks, off 0.0243.