New Securities Issues
FHLMC notes, due March 12, 1999, was won in competitive
bidding by a group of four underwriters: Goldman, Sachs  Co,
Lehman Brothers Inc., Nomura Securities Intl. Inc., and
Salomon Brothers Inc. The issue was reoffered at par to yield
7.70%. The notes, noncallable for one year, were priced at a
spread of 58 basis points above the Treasury's seven-year
note.
   Greyhound Financial Corp. -- $125 million issue of notes,
due March 11, 1997, was priced as 8 1/4% at 99.55 to yield
8.362%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 160
basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated Baa-2
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B by Standard 
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led
by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Cardinal Distribution Inc. -- $100 million issue of notes,
due March 1, 1997, was priced as 8% at 99.874 to yield 8.03%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 125 basis
points above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated Baa-3 by
Moody's and triple-B-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Ogden Corp. -- $100 million issue of debentures, due March
1, 2022, was priced at par to yield 9.25%. The noncallable
debentures were priced at a spread of 134 basis points above
the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated Baa-2 by Moody's and
triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   New York City -- $622.63 million tax-exempt general
obligation bonds Fiscal 1992 Series D, consisting of $543.88
million general obligation bonds, Series D, due Feb. 1,
1994-1998, 2000-2001, 2003, 2005-2011, and 2013-2019; $33.865
million general obligation refunding bonds, Series E, due
Feb. 1, 19942019; and $44.885 million general obligation
refunding bonds, Series F, due Feb. 1, 2001-2002, 2006-2008,
and 2013-2015, were tentatively priced by a First Boston
Corp. group to yield from 6.00% in 1994 to 7.80% in
2013-2019. The bonds are rated Baa-1 by Moody's Investors
Service Inc. and single-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp.
   New York City -- $184.125 million taxable general
obligation bonds, Fiscal 1992 Series D, due Feb. 1,
1997-2002, 20042006, 2008, 2010-2011, and 2013-2016, were
tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield
from 8.50% in 1997 to 10.05% in 2010, 2015 and 2016. Bonds
maturing in 2002, 20042006, 2011, 2013 and 2014 are not
formally reoffered to investors. Bonds maturing in 1997 yield
8.50% were priced at a spread of about 175 basis points over
the five-year Treasury. Bonds maturing in 2001 yield 9.35%
were priced at a spread of about 190 basis points above the
10-year Treasury. Bonds maturing in 2010-2016 which yield
10.05% were priced at a spread of about 210 basis points over
the U.S. Treasury long bond. The bonds are rated Baa-1 by
Moody's and single-A-minus by SP.
   Georgia -- $566.895 million unlimited tax general
obligation bonds, consisting of $170.985 million refunding
general obligation bonds, Series 1992 A due March 1,
1995-2007, and $395.91 million general obligation bonds,
Series 1992 B, due March 1, 1993-2012 apparently were won by
a Goldman, Sachs  Co. group. The $170.985 million of
refunding general obligation bonds are priced to yield from
4.40% in 1995 to 6.30% in 2007. The $395.91 million of
general obligation bonds are priced to yield from 2.75% in
1993 to 6.40% in 2011. Bonds maturing in 2012 aren't formally
reoffered to investors. The bonds are rated triple-A by
Moody's and double-A-plus by SP.

obligation bonds, due Dec. 15, 1993-2012, apparently were won
by a Roosevelt  Cross Inc. group with a bid setting the net
Canadian interest cost at 5.4914%. The bonds, rated triple-A
by Moody's and SP, were priced for reoffering to yield from
3.25% in 1993 to 6.25% in 2010-2012.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
Freddie Mac real estate mortgage investment conduit (REMIC)
mortgage securities is being offered by Morgan Stanley  Co.
The offering, Series Gold 1247, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
15-year 8% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 8.70% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 14.83 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million
issue of Fannie Mae real estate mortgage investment conduit
(REMIC) mortgage securities is being offered by Donaldson,
Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The offering, Series
1992-56, is backed by SMBS (stripped mortgage-backed
securities) Trust 130, which is collateralized by Fannie Mae
30year 8% mortgage-backed securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon of 9.1%, and a weighted average
maturity of 29.83 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million
issue of Fannie Mae real estate mortgage investment conduit
(REMIC) mortgage securities is being offered by Lehman
Brothers. The offering, Series 1992-57, is backed by Fannie
Mae 15-year 7 1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 8.15% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 14.83 years.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Premier Anesthesia Inc. -- initial 2.5 million shares were
priced at $11 each through underwriters led by Hambrecht 
Quist Inc. The price talk range for each share was $10 to
$12.
   Gibralter Packaging Group Inc. -- initial 1.333 million
shares were priced at $10 each through underwriters led by
William Blair  Co. Price talk was for each share to be
priced at $8 to $10.
   Delta Queen Steamboat Co. -- initial 3.6 million shares
were priced at $13.50 each through underwriters led by
Stephens Inc. The issue was priced at the top end of its
proposed range of $11.50 to $13.50 a share.
   Rogers Cantel Mobile Communications Inc. -- 3.76 million
Class B shares were priced at $23 each through underwriters
led by Goldman, Sachs  Co. Of the total, 2.26 million shares
will be sold in the U.S. Rogers Cantel is a unit of Rogers
Communications Inc.
   PolyMedica Industries Inc. -- initial three million shares
were priced at $13 each through underwriters led by First
Boston Corp. The issue comes to market well beyond the $9 to
$11 a share price talk range proposed in the filing. In
addition, the size of the offering was increased from the
originally planned two million shares.
   Foodmaker Inc. -- initial 15 million shares were priced at
$15 each through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
Price talk was for each share to be priced at $13 to $15.
   New York State Electric  Gas Corp. -- 4.5 million shares
were priced at $27.25 each through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Suncor Inc. -- initial public offering of 10 million
common shares was priced at C$19 a share, according to
sources close to the underwriting group. As reported, the
offering is on an installment receipt basis. The first
installment of C$9.50 a share is due March 18, 1992 with the
second installment of the same amount due March 18, 1993. The
company's major shareholders, the Ontario government and Sun
Co., had planned to sell up to 45% of the company's 54.4
million shares outstanding to the public. But investment
industry sources said Sun was reluctant to sell more than
four million shares at a price of C$19 a share. Underwriters
had previously marketed the issue at between C$23 and C$25 a
share. Following the completion of the issue, Sun will hold
36.7 million common shares of Suncor while the Ontario
government will retain 7.7 million shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Republic of Finland (sovereign) -- #250 million of 9 3/4%
Eurobonds due March 26, 1997 at initial fixed price of 99.17
via S.G. Warburg Securities. Yield 9.98% at the initial fixed
price, margin 0.25 point above comparable gilt. Fees 1/4.
   Cable  Wireless International Finance BV (U.K. parent) --
#150 million of 10 3/8% Eurobonds due March 27, 2002 at issue
price 101.20 via Samuel Montagu  Co. Offered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 99.60 to yield 10.44%, a margin
of 0.86 point above the comparable gilt yield. Fees 2.
   Hydro Quebec (Canada) -- one billion French francs of 9%
Eurobonds due April 2, 2002 at issue price 100.845 via
Societe Generale. Offered to investors initially at a fixed
price of 99.17 to yield 9.13%, a margin of 0.70 above the
French government's 8 1/2s due 2002. Guarantor the Province
of Quebec. Fees 2.
   European Investment Bank (agency) -- 20 billion Spanish
pesetas of 10.20% `Matador' bonds due March 18, 1997 at issue
price 101.45 via Banco Bilbao Vizcaya. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 100.075 to yield 10.18%. Fees 1
5/8.
   Commerzbank AG (Germany) -- 250 million Dutch guilders of
8 1/2% subordinated bonds due April 3, 2002 and priced at
100.45, via Rabobank Nederland. Fixed-price reoffer at 99.65
to yield 8.553%. Fees 1.
   Daishinku Corp. (Japan) -- 60 million marks of 4 3/8%
bonds with equity-purchase warrants due March 26, 1996 and
priced at par, via Daiwa Europe (Deutschland) G.m.b.H.
Guaranteed by Bank of Tokyo Ltd. Each 5,000 mark bond carries
one warrant and one certificate with four warrants attached,
exercisable from April 9, 1992 to March 19, 1996, to buy
company shares at an expected premium of 2 1/2% above the
closing share price when prices are fixed March 9. Fees 2
1/4.