L.A. Gear Inc. Notes
   Its High Inventories
   In Letter to Holders
"Disappointing sales left the company with substantial
inventory of products," which totaled $141.1 million at the
end of the fiscal year, Messrs. Gold and Goldston noted in
the letter. "The company is committed to resolving this
inventory problem in a manner which is sensitive to its
relationship with key retailers," they added.
   William L. Benford, senior vice president and chief
financial officer, told shareholders in a separate letter
that "as we continue in our effort to reduce inventory
levels, a systematic price reduction has been expanded in
1992." He cautioned that "it is anticipated that gross profit
margins during the year will be negatively affected." Last
year, the company's gross profit margin on world-wide
footwear sales fell to 27.4% from 34.9% in 1990.
   To better manage inventory levels, L.A. Gear has begun a
transition from primarily an "at-once" ordering program to
one that places greater emphasis on "futures" orders. "If the
combination of `futures' and `at-once' ordering strategy is
implemented successfully, we would continue to maintain
domestic inventory to service `at-once' business at
anticipated lower levels than in past years due to less
dependency on `at-once' orders," Mr. Benford said.