Business Brief:
   Honda Planning to Increase the Prices
   On Some Cars as Much as 3% March 1
Industry analysts and executives in Japan are predicting
that the Tokyo government will seek to cut shipments of autos
to the U.S. this spring to relieve protectionist sentiments
here.
   Other Japanese auto makers are expected to follow Toyota
and Honda in raising prices. Honda officially attributed its
price increase to fluctuating currency rates and "increased
selling costs." Honda's new prices take effect March 1.
   The base price of the Acura NSX sports car increased the
most. It will cost $69,000, an increase of $2,000, or 3%. The
price of Honda's least-expensive model, the Civic CX will
rise $200, or 2.5%, to $8,100.
   The company's best-selling car, the Honda Accord, will
carry a base price of $13,500, up 2% from $13,225. By
comparison, Toyota will boost the price of the Camry model it
sells against the Accord to $14,798, up 3% from $14,368.
   The base price of the Honda Prelude Si with four-wheel
steering and an automatic transmission will rise $300, or
1.3%, to $22,260. The base price of the Acura Legend will
rise $550, or 2%, to $28,000.
   Separately, Canadian authorities yesterday backed Honda in
its fight with U.S. Customs over cars it ships from a
Canadian plant.
   Honda said that Revenue Canada issued an interim report
finding that a U.S.-made engine used in Honda Civic cars
assembled in Ontario qualifies as North American in origin
for tariff purposes. That's critical to Honda's effort to
establish that Canadian-made Civics have at least 50% North
American content, and thus qualify for duty-free shipment to
the U.S. under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement.