Stone Container Unit
   Moves to Boost Price
   Of Newsprint in U.S.
"It certainly isn't going to fly in this market," said
William Metzfield, president of Gannett Supply Corp., the
purchasing arm of publisher Gannett Co. Newsprint demand is
weak, and "there's still two million metric tons of excess
capacity" in North America, Mr. Metzfield said. A metric ton
equals 2,204.62 pounds.
   Richard Hawes, a purchasing executive at the Washington
Post, said that "it would take some real concerted effort" by
newsprint producers to push prices higher. Mr. Hawes said
that is unlikely because "as long as there is this big supply
imbalance," producers will keep undercutting each other.
   U.S. newsprint consumption fell 2.5% in January, after
tumbling 5.6% in 1991. Stone Container led an unsuccessful
attempt by newsprint producers to raise newsprint prices
early last year. Except for a brief respite in the second
half of 1990, newsprint transaction prices, or actual selling
prices, have been falling for four years due to weak demand
and oversupply.
   Stone Container said it will narrow the discounts it
offers by 15 percentage points. Since the eastern U.S. list
price for newsprint is $685 a metric ton, narrowing the
discount amounts to raising the actual selling price by
$102.75 a metric ton. A Stone Container spokeswoman declined
to provide the size of current discounts.
   Newsprint buyers said transaction prices continue to drop,
and producers are offering discounts of up to 45% off list
price for large orders.