Carla Hills Reiterates
   Intent to Move Fast
   On Free Trade Pact
The negotiating groups will meet in Dallas next week in
what could be a race to complete the agreement before both
the Bush administration and Congress are too preoccupied by
electoral politics to give the accord a thorough hearing.
Mexican Commerce Secretary Jaime Serra Puche said the
negotiating group in Dallas "will have clear instructions" to
resolve the remaining issues.
   It wasn't clear how much progress was achieved in the last
two days of closeddoor talks among the three ministers and
their chief negotiators at this secluded conference hall in
the suburbs near Washington. Canadian Trade Minister Michael
Wilson acknowledged that there are still major differences in
agricultural and textile trade and in setting rules to
determine the duty-free status of cars manufactured in all
three countries. Mrs. Hills also said that labor and
environmental issues were being addressed.
   This was the third time the three ministers met to assess
progress on these negotiations to expand trade and investment
flows among the three countries.
   Mrs. Hills, responding to reporters' questions, denied
that political opposition in the U.S. is a cause for delays
in negotiations. "We want to harvest the gains as soon as
possible," she said. "Politics will not cause us to derail"
the agreement.