Business Brief:
   Reader's Digest Posts 13% Gain in Net
   For Its 2nd Quarter, Boosts Payout 25%
The shares will be offered by the DeWitt Wallace-Reader's
Digest Fund and the Lila Wallace-Reader's Digest Fund, two
charity organizations established by the late founders of
Reader's Digest. However, the offering will give the public
the first opportunity to hold voting shares. The funds
currently hold 20 million shares, or 96.5% of the company's
voting stock. Goldman, Sachs  Co. and Lazard Freres  Co.
will co-manage the offering.
   Reader's Digest said the offering begins the foundations'
effort to comply with tax laws requiring them to cut their
stake to 50% by the year 2000. Following the offering, the
funds would hold more than 70% of the voting common stock.
The employee's profit-sharing plan, which currently holds
3.5% of the company's voting stock, is slated to hold 20% by
the year 2000.
   The company's fiscal second-quarter results improved,
though profit was hurt by a stronger dollar abroad. Net in
the Dec. 31 quarter rose to $62.8 million, or 52 cents a
share, from $55.7 million, or 46 cents a share, a year ago.
Revenue grew 10% to $712.4 million from $645.7 million.
   Most of the growth came in the books and home
entertainment products segment, which enjoyed higher unit
sales in all product lines. The division, which sells books,
videos and music, saw revenue rise 16% in the quarter to
$446.7 million. Revenue at Reader's Digest magazine grew 3%
to $177.7 million, partly on higher subscription prices and
advertising rates.
   Reader's Digest shares rose $1.125 a share yesterday to
$47 in late New York Stock Exchange trading.