Marketing  Media:
   Election Exit Polls
   Are Seen Entering
   More Newscasts
   ----
   By Jonathan M. Moses
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Since 1985, the networks have promised not to project or
characterize races based on their election-day surveys of
voters leaving their polling places until virtually all of
the polls are closed. But as the 1992 campaign season
progresses, the networks are increasingly blurring the line,
doling out early data that strongly hint at what is going on,
even if they don't come out and flatly say it.
   Network critics and, more importantly, some of those in
Congress to whom the networks made their earlier pledge are
beginning to take notice.
   "We've seen some broadcasts during the day of exit-polling
information, which is bad news," says Colorado Democratic
Sen. Tim Wirth, who as a congressman helped extract the
networks' previous promises on the use of the exit-poll data.
"That is just inappropriate. That runs directly contrary to
what they agreed to do. . . . They must not do that."
   Says Curtis Gans, director of the nonprofit Committee for
the Study of the American Electorate, who has crusaded
against early exit-poll reporting for years: "It is something
I continue to object to." Mr. Gans says that even if the
networks aren't technically violating their previous
promises, they are "rushing to judgment when they don't need
to rush to judgment."
   None of the networks gave out percentages for how
candidates were doing among all voters in either Illinois or
Michigan before the polls had closed in both states. But the
information nonetheless got pretty detailed.
   On ABC's "World News Tonight," for instance, reporter Lynn
Sherr told viewers that Bill Clinton was "a heavy favorite
among black voters," with 75% of the black vote in Illinois
compared with 8% for Jerry Brown and 7% for Paul Tsongas.
   And on CBS, reporter Susan Spencer said Mr. Buchanan
"can't seem to get much beyond the protest vote . . . only a
quarter of Buchanan's supporters say that they strongly favor
him."
   The networks deny that they have violated either the
letter or the spirit of their previous promises.
   "We check very carefully to make sure the best we can that
we don't characterize the outcome of the race," says Carolyn
Smith, director of political operations at ABC News. Did the
network's use of exit-poll information Tuesday night on how
Mr. Clinton was doing among blacks in Illinois and
blue-collar workers in Michigan give viewers a clue about his
big win? "Bright people can make assumptions about that," Ms.
Smith says. But "if we say Clinton is doing well among such
and such a group, you can't necessarily assume that he's
going to win the election that night."
   At CBS News, Vice President Joe Peyronnin says he thought
the network's use of exit-poll data was "consistent with our
understanding with Congress" but concedes that demographic
information about how individual groups vote "can be
extrapolated by those perhaps who are most experienced."
   "I don't know exactly that there's an agreement," says
Michael Gartner, president of NBC News. "There was a letter."
The letter Mr. Gartner refers to is one sent by NBC President
Robert Wright to Democratic Rep. Al Swift of Washington in
1989, restating the position the network took in 1985. "We
will `project' or `characterize' election results in any
state only after all polls for that office have closed in
that state," Mr. Wright wrote.
   "We didn't project or characterize" on Tuesday night, Mr.
Gartner says.
   A separate but related problem is the accidental leakage
of information before polls close. Since 1990, all three
broadcast networks and Cable News Network have been part of a
consortium called Voter Research and Surveys, which conducts
a single exit poll that is shared among them. Mr. Wirth
worries that the arrangement results in wider dissemination
of the data, since more people have access to it.
   Network executives, though, say a bigger problem is
politicians who blab exit-poll results given to them by
reporters trading for other information. For example,
Democratic Rep. Larry Smith of Florida caused a minor furor
at the networks last week by repeating exit-poll results for
his state's primary before the polls had closed. The
information eventually ended up in a Reuters dispatch, though
a Smith aide said the congressman didn't give the information
to the Reuters reporter.
   The networks' elaborate feather dance over airing
exit-poll data appears to resemble what they did prior to the
1985 agreement. According to Warren Mitofsky, who heads Voter
Research and Surveys, the news shows were always "hinting at
the outcome. . . . If you start to talk how men are voting or
women are voting, anybody with an ounce of sense can guess
how the election is coming out." Asked whether his network
clients are doing the same thing now, Mr. Mitofsky says:
"I've been too busy to know what they're saying."
   "I don't know exactly that there's an agreement," says
Michael Gartner, president of NBC News. "There was a letter."
The letter Mr. Gartner refers to is one sent by NBC President
Robert Wright to Democratic Rep. Al Swift of Washington in
1989, restating the position the network took in 1985. "We
will `project' or `characterize' election results in any
state only after all polls for that office have closed in
that state," Mr. Wright wrote.
   "We didn't project or characterize" on Tuesday night, Mr.
Gartner says.
   A separate but related problem is the accidental leakage
of information before polls close. Since 1990, all three
broadcast networks and Cable News Network have been part of a
consortium called Voter Research and Surveys, which conducts
a single exit poll that is shared among them. Mr. Wirth
worries that the arrangement results in wider dissemination
of the data, since more people have access to it.
   Network executives, though, say a bigger problem is
politicians who blab exit-poll results given to them by
reporters trading for other information. For example,
Democratic Rep. Larry Smith of Florida caused a minor furor
at the networks last week by repeating exit-poll results for
his state's primary before the polls had closed. The
information eventually ended up in a Reuters dispatch, though
a Smith aide said the congressman didn't give the information
to the Reuters reporter.
   The networks' elaborate feather dance over airing
exit-poll data appears to resemble what they did prior to the
1985 agreement. According to Warren Mitofsky, who heads Voter
Research and Surveys, the news shows were always "hinting at
the outcome . . . If you start to talk how men are voting or
women are voting, anybody with an ounce of sense can guess
how the election is coming out." Asked whether his network
clients are doing the same thing now, Mr. Mitofsky says:
"I've been too busy to know what they're saying."
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   CBS EVENING NEWS announced that President Bush and
Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton had won the Illinois and Michigan
primaries only after the polls had closed in the two states.
An article in Thursday's edition incorrectly stated that the
announcement came while the polls were open; that article was
based on a transcript mistakenly supplied by CBS of a later
broadcast intended for the West Coast.
   (WSJ March 23, 1992)