Additional Funds
   For Thrift Bailout
   Approved by Panel
   ----
   By Greg Hitt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Acting at the direction of House Democratic and GOP
leaders, Chairman Henry Gonzalez (D., Texas) and Rep.
Chalmers Wylie (R., Ohio) were able to repel all amendments
to the bill. Past efforts by the panel to amend RTC
legislation have dissolved into partisan feuds, embarrassed
House leaders and delayed funding for the bailout.
   "We must not hold depositors hostage with stop-and-go
funding," Rep. Wylie said.
   Separately, the committee approved by voice vote a $15.3
billion jobs bill that would increase funding in the current
fiscal year, which ends Sept. 30, for federal housing and
community development programs.
   House Democratic leaders, including Majority Leader
Richard Gephardt (D., Mo.) favor action on jobs legislation
but haven't set a deadline for bringing such a measure to the
floor. "We have to jumpstart the economy," said Rep. Charles
Schumer (D., N.Y.). "Jobs is the answer. It's a lot better
than middle-class tax cuts."
   House Appropriations Chairman Jamie Whitten (D., Miss.) is
sponsoring a competing $15.4 billion jobs bill that would
speed up funding for housing, infrastructure and research
programs. Robert Roe (D., N.J.), chairman of the House Public
Works and Transportation Committee, is sponsoring still
another bill authorizing $10 billion for water and sewer
construction, and road and bridge projects, among other
things.
   "No one expects a robust recovery, whenever it truly takes
hold," AFL-CIO President Lane Kirkland told a House
subcommittee yesterday. "Direct investments in job creation
are essential to prime the pump and get the economy up and
running again."