Stevens Graphics
   Seeks to Renegotiate
   Agreement on Debt
The maker of printing presses said it had notified lenders
that the current agreement, announced in April, is no longer
acceptable but that it couldn't guarantee that a revised
agreement could be negotiated. The company's senior debt is
owed to a bank group led by Texas Commerce Bank and its
subordinated debt is owed to insurance companies. Stevens has
been in default on certain debt covenants since reporting a
loss in the 1990 fourth quarter.
   The company had said it would pledge all its assets to
secure the debt and repay it as it received cash. Stevens
recently finished collecting more than $30 million in overdue
foreign receivables. However, Paul I. Stevens, chairman and
chief executive officer, said, "The business climate in which
we operate has continued to deteriorate beyond our
expectations."
   For the nine months ended Sept. 30, the company had a net
loss of $5.7 million, or 63 cents a share, on sales of $61.7
million.
   In renegotiating the financing agreement, Mr. Stevens said
the company would seek to reduce debt payments and conserve
cash on hand. "I'm . . . quite optimistic that we will be
able to work something out reasonable with the lenders."
   Mr. Stevens declined to estimate the size of the
fourth-quarter charge, but said the cost-cutting measures
would include reducing spending on certain sales and
marketing programs and reducing the work force by an
additional 50 employees. The company currently has about 600
employees, down from about 1,300 in late 1990.