Investors Look to Futures for Portfolio Diversity
   ----
   By Stanley W. Angrist
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
By contrast, Standard  Poor's 500-stock index with
dividends reinvested was up 30.6%, and the Shearson Lehman
Brothers long-term government bond index advanced a flashy
18.7%.
   It's not uncommon for futures markets to be out of step
with stocks and bonds. In 1990, when the SP was down 3.1%,
commodity pool investors made over 20%. It is precisely this
different-drummer characteristic that is attracting more and
more big and sophisticated investors into futures to
diversify their portfolios.
   Many commodity pool portfolio managers, known as trading
advisers, depend on riding price trends to make a profit. "It
appears to me that the markets our trading advisers were in
just didn't trend too well" last year, says Lamar Hopkins,
vice president of Summit Capital, which manages the
Professionally Traded Futures Fund. That fund was down 42.4%
in the first 11 months of 1991, but because of its
performance in December it ended the year down only 9%.
   As the table accompanying this story shows, not every fund
had a disastrous year, but none of the top eight ended the
year with a return greater than 50%. In 1990, more than 20
funds had returns that exceeded 65%. (To be included in this
table a fund needs at least a three-year track record and
must currently be open to U.S. investors.) Even with a good
year in 1990, the last three years have been tough for
commodity funds: The MAR pool index was up only 22.8% over
that period.
   Some academics argue that past performance is a poor
criterion for selecting funds or trading advisers. But as the
table indicates, the funds that did well in 1991 have done at
least moderately well over the last three years. Conversely,
those funds with a poor year in 1991 also had
less-than-stellar performance since January 1989.
   Aladin Abughazaleh, president of ATA Research Inc., a firm
that advises institutions and individuals on placing money
with trading advisers, cautions that investors should be wary
of one-year returns. He says they should look at least at
three-year results and maximum drops in account equity in
that time.
   "It's a fact of life that most investors won't be around
to enjoy the 50% or greater up-years if they have to suffer
losses of 30% to 40%" in the meantime, Mr. Abughazaleh says.
In that regard, he points out that two of the best-performing
funds in the table earned about a third of their total
three-year return in the month of December.
   Trend Associates didn't think it was such a bad year,
racking up a spectacular 46.1% gain. Parker Crowell, a
principal in Chang-Crowell Management Corp., who manages this
fund along with several others, says his fund ranked first
among those that qualified for the table because it isn't
strictly a trend-follower.
   "We use a fair amount of discretion in our trading and if
we believe that the markets are not in a strong
trend-following mode after we have earned a modest profit, we
will simply cash our position out," he says.
   Mr. Crowell says he realizes this policy can cause the
fund to miss some major market moves. In December, for
instance, when the MAR index rose 13.2%, Mr. Crowell's five
portfolios were up an average 7%. Not bad, but pale in
comparison to the 44% December return by Elizabeth Cheval of
EMC Capital Management, the 40% chalked up on a composite
basis for all of John Henry's portfolios and the 16% earned
by RXR Group in its financial futures trading program.
   Robb Romaine, executive vice president of the RXR Group,
which manages substantial futures funds for institutions,
says that the spectacular returns of December 1991 can be
traced, to a large extent, to the availability of world-wide
interest rate contracts now available to traders. "Five years
ago we were limited to a few U.S. dollar-based contracts,
while today we trade interest-rates contracts with both long
and short-term maturities in Britain, France, Germany, Japan
and Australia," says Mr. Romaine.
   There were some other funds in 1991 that achieved bigger
gains than Trend Associates, such as the GNI Spread
Programme, a U.K. fund that had a 64.7% gain, and Colorado
Commodities Partners I, which rose 99.3%. However, the former
is closed to U.S. investors while the latter is no longer
taking additional investors.
   The worst-performing fund qualifying for the table is
managed by John Hummel, who is a rarity among trading
advisers. Rather than betting on trends uncovered by
computers, he uses economic analysis and supply-and-demand
data to determine market positions. In 1991, his fund was
down 63.9%, and his three-year return is minus 91%.
   His explanation: "I have been short the Japanese yen and
other currencies because I believe they are forming a major
top." Mr. Hummel believes that the economic conditions that
favored Japan in the 1980s will shift to favor the U.S.
during this decade. Ultimately, he declares, his market
positions will prove profitable.
   Mr. Hummel says he isn't concerned about his fund's recent
poor showing. He points out that he was down 75% in 1984.
"After that, I rebounded 12-fold, and I am planning on doing
the same thing now I did then -- I'll just gut it out."
   ---
             The Best and Worst Pools in 1991
                                                                                                       

   Each of these funds is currently open to U.S. investors
                                                                                                       

                      MINIMUM     1991   3-YEAR
 FUND NAME          INVESTMENT    TOTAL   TOTAL   MAXIMUM
 (PHONE NUMBER)    (FUND SIZE)   RETURN  RETURN*  DRAWDOWN**
                                                                                                       

                     SOME OF THE BEST
                                                                                                       

 Trend Associates      $20,000  + 46.1%  + 36.8%   - 48.1%
 (203) 625-4821   ($0.6 million)
                                                                                                       

 Brandywine
   Partners III        $25,000  + 41.8   +201.5    - 32.5
 (215) 692-8200   ($2.1 million)
                                                                                                       

 Liberty Global
   Fund                $25,000  + 38.2   +197.1    - 30.9
 (806) 763-5959   ($8.2 million)
                                                                                                       

 Trinity Advisors     $100,000  + 34.8   + 83.2    -  7.2
 (415) 253-0276   ($5.1 million)
                                                                                                       

 Davco Futures
   Fund                $25,000  + 33.4   +161.0    - 25.0
 (619) 259-8911  ($18.1 million)
                                                                                                       

 Cornerstone
   Fund IV              $6,300  + 32.1   + 74.3    - 46.4
 (212) 392-2642  ($91.7 million)
                                                                                                       

 American Futures
   Fund                $25,000  + 26.7   + 49.0    - 37.8
 (203) 625-4865   ($0.9 million)
                                                                                                       

 Brandywine
   Partners            $25,000  + 26.5   + 97.9    - 12.1
 (215) 692-8200   ($3.8 million)
                                                                                                       

                     SOME OF THE WORST

 Hummel Global
   Futures Fund        $25,000  - 63.9%  - 91.6%   - 91.6%
 (212) 495-8425   ($0.3 million)
                                                                                                       

 Performance
   Fund LP              $5,000  - 36.2   - 27.3    - 46.3
 (800) 621-0757   ($0.1 million)
                                                                                                       

 Fundtec Partners      $10,000  - 28.1   -  9.8    - 39.2
 (203) 356-6763   ($3.7 million)
                                                                                                       

 Timetech Partners      $2,000  - 25.0   - 38.0    - 38.0
 (407) 655-6565   ($0.9 million)
                                                                                                       

 Capital Mgmt.
   Group Fund I        $20,000  - 21.2   - 24.4    - 51.2
 (305) 670-2233   ($0.3 million)
                                                                                                       

 January
   Associates          $50,000  - 18.4   +  2.8    - 30.5
 (203) 625-4828   ($2.2 million)
                                                                                                       

 Liberty Fund I        $25,000  - 18.2   + 35.8    - 38.9
 (806) 763-5959   ($3.1 million)
                                                                                                       

                    AND, FOR COMPARISON
                                                                                                       

 MAR Pool Index                 +  1.0%  + 22.8%   - 12.0%
 SP 500 (incl. dividends)      + 30.6   + 66.4    - 14.4
 Shearson Long-Term Gov't
   Bond Index                   + 18.7   + 50.2    -  6.7
                                                                                                       

   *Total Return for three years ending Dec. 31, 1991
   **Maximum drop in account equity during the three years
ended Dec. 31, 1991.
                                                                                                       

   Sources: Managed Account Reports, individual disclosure
documents, and The RXR Group