International:
   Securities Firms
   In Japan Face
   Another Probe
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Separately, Nikko Securities Co. paid a reported one
billion yen ($7.5 million) to the financial subsidiary of
Nissin Food Products Co. for securities losses arising from
unauthorized trades last December. A Nissin spokesman said
the trades came from a five billion-yen account that Nissin
Financial Services kept with Nikko. The account was closed
after the losses were discovered by Nissin, and the money was
repaid.
   Nikko, which also acts as a sub-managing underwriter for
Nissin, called the trades "accidental," and said the matter
had been reported to the Finance Ministry and to the Japan
Securities Dealers Association. Nikko wouldn't confirm the
amount of the settlement, which was reported in local papers
Friday.
   The ministry's action follows disclosures earlier this
week that Daiwa Securities Co. and Cosmo Securities Co., a
second-tier securities firm, settled separate claims totaling
45.1 billion yen ($348 million). Both cases involved
"tobashi", a practice in which a company agrees to buy a
security at an inflated price, with an understanding that the
security will be bought back at a higher price, to cover
interest costs. In essence, the purchases function as loans
between firms and can be timed, depending on a company's
financial reporting periods, to cover actual losses in
securities trades.
   The ministry is studying the extent of possible claims
against securities companies, and asking companies for
information on their tobashi activities. Whether any action
is taken will depend on individual cases, officials said.
Tobashi isn't necessarily illegal, though certain facets of
trading sometimes attached to it raise questions.
Nonetheless, companies appear to be distancing themselves
from the practice.