Seragen's Offering
   Indicates Big Profit
   For Boston University
The biotechnology company filed a registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an offering
of three million common shares at $17 to $20 a share; there
now are about nine million shares outstanding.
   The offering would value Boston University's stake, which
would be 69% after the offering, at about $140 million to
$165 million. The university has invested $85 million in
Seragen, which is developing anti-cancer drugs. Although many
colleges have made venture-capital investments part of their
overall strategy, critics contended that Boston University's
investment in Seragen was too large and risky for an unproven
company, especially given the relatively small size of the
university's endowment.
   University officials have defended the stake, arguing that
Seragen has the potential of becoming a major drug company.
They declined to comment on the offering yesterday.
   Seragen has said that its experimental drug to treat
certain blood-cell cancers showed "milder" side effects than
existing medicines and showed "anti-tumor effects" in a
clinical study. Cancer experts cautioned at the time,
however, that more data were needed to draw conclusions about
the drug's effectiveness.
   Of the shares being offered for sale by Seragen, 2.4
million are being offered in the U.S. and 600,000 are being
offered outside the U.S. The company has granted the
underwriters options to purchase as many as 450,000
additional shares to cover overallotments.
   The managing underwriters are Goldman, Sachs  Co. and
Kidder, Peabody  Co. and their international units.