SEC, Pharmaceutical
   Resources Inc. Settle
   Civil Fraud Charges
In December, the company's Par Pharmaceutical unit agreed
with the U.S. attorney's office in Maryland to plead guilty
to 10 drug and other law violations, and pay a $2.5 million
fine. Par is one of several generic-drug companies that have
been investigated in recent years by federal officials in
connection with attempts to submit switched drug samples for
regulatory approval.
   The SEC complaint alleged that Par misled the public about
its ability to win approval from the Food and Drug
Administration for its generic drugs. In 1990, Par was
convicted of paying unlawful gratuities to FDA employees in
an effort to steer the approval process and was fined
$150,000.
   "We've put the U.S. Attorney behind us, we've put SEC
behind us and we've put shareholder's {civil lawsuits} behind
us," said Michael Swit, vice president and general counsel of
Pharmaceutical Resources.
   In related cases, the SEC filed civil lawsuits alleging
insider trading against Ashok Patel, a former senior vice
president and director of Par, and Dilip Shah, former
president of Quad Pharmaceutical Inc., a Par subsidiary.
   Mr. Patel couldn't be reached for comment. Dr. Shah said
he hadn't seen the suit, and referred questions to his
attorney, who couldn't be reached for comment.