New Securities Issues
Tele-Communications Inc. -- $600 million issue of 9.80%
senior debentures due, Feb. 1, 2012, was priced at 99.608 to
yield 9.845%. The size of the issue was increased from an
originally planned $350 million. The noncallable debentures
were priced at a spread of 228 basis points above the
Treasury's 8% due November 2021. Rated Baa-3 by Moody's and
double-B by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Atlantic Richfield Co. -- $250 million issue of 8.25%
debentures, due Feb. 1, 2022, priced at 98.80 to yield 8.36%.
The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 78
basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers
Inc. Gross spread is $8.75, selling concession is $5 and
reallowance is $2.50. Delivery is scheduled for Feb. 3 with
interest accruing Feb. 1.
   Cablevision Industries Corp. -- $300 million of 10.75%
senior notes due 2002 priced at 100%. Rated Ba-3 by Moody's
and single-B-plus by SP. Morgan Stanley  Co. is lead
manager with First Boston Corp. and Lazard Freres  Co. as
co-managers.
   Southern California Edison Co. -- $200 million issue of
first and refunding mortgage bonds due, Feb. 1, 1995, was won
by Morgan Stanley  Co. in competitive bidding and will be
reoffered at par to yield 5.55%. The noncallable bonds were
priced at a spread of 26 basis points above the Treasury's
three-year note. The issue is rated double-A-2 by Moody's and
double-A by SP.
   Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. of New York -- $200 million
issue of 7.375% subordinated notes, due Feb. 1, 2002, was
priced at 99.75 to yield 7.411%. The noncallable notes were
priced at a spread of 40 basis points above the Treasury's
10-year note. Rated double-A-1 by Moody's and double-A-plus
by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
First Boston Corp.
   Barnett Banks Inc. -- $100 million issue of subordinated
notes due, Jan. 15, 2007, was priced at par to yield 8.50%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 149 basis
points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-2 by
Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Union Electric Co. -- $100 million issue of first mortgage
bonds, due July 15, 2003, was priced at par to yield 7.65%.
The noncallable bonds were priced at a spread of 61 basis
points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Union Pacific Equipment Trust -- $83 million principal
amount of Series C serial certificates offering. First Boston
Corp. said it received the issue from the Union Pacific Corp.
unit on a bid of 7.3941%, net interest cost to Union Pacific
Railroad Co. The noncallable certificates are being offered
for public sale at 100% of the principal amount to yield from
4.15% for those due Feb. 1, 1993, to 8.06% for those maturing
Feb. 1, 2012. The company said the certificates are to be
secured by 25 Dash 8-40-CW Diesel Electric Locomotives and 44
Model SD-60 Diesel Electric Locomotives with an original cost
of $103,623,000. The certificates will mature in 20 annual
installments of $4,150,000 each on Feb. 1 from 1993 to 2012
inclusive.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Chemical Banking Corp. -- An issue of 50 million common
shares priced at $27.25 a share through underwriters led by
Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Boise Cascade Corp. -- An issue of 7.5 million depository
shares, each representing 1/10th of convertible preferred
series E-A yield enhanced stock, was priced at $22.875 a
share through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs. The shares
were priced with a $1.79 dividend for a yield of 7.825%. The
issue is rated Baa3 by Moody's and triple-B-minus by SP.
   Citfed Bancorp -- An initial public offering of 3.6
million common shares priced at $9 a share through
underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc. The size of the
issue was increased from 3.5 million shares.
   Spectranetics Corp. -- An initial public offering of 2.5
million common shares priced at $13.50 a share through
underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The size of the
issue was increased from an originally planned two million
shares.
   Phycor Inc. -- An initial public offering of 2.35 million
common shares priced at $16 a share through underwriters led
by Alex Brown  Sons Inc. The size of the issue was increased
from two million shares.
   Engle Homes Inc. -- An initial public offering of 2.3
million common shares priced at $11.50 a share through
underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc. The size of the issue
was increased from an originally planned two million common
shares.
   Tocor II -- An issue of 2.25 million units priced at $40 a
share through underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc. Each unit
consists of one callable share of Tocor II, one series T
warrant to buy one common share of Centocor Inc., the parent
company, and one callable warrant to buy one share of common
share of Centocor. Each unit can be exercised at $64.50 which
represents a 24% conversion premium over the original
purchase price.
   Immulogic Pharmaceutical Corp. -- An issue of two million
common shares priced at $22.75 a share through underwriters
led by Morgan Stanley  Co. Gross spread is $1.31, selling
concession is 78 cents and reallowance is 10 cents. Delivery
is scheduled for Jan. 28.
   Medco Research Inc. -- An issue of 1.5 million common
shares priced at $27.50 a share through underwriters led by
Kemper Securities Group Inc. The size of the offering was
increased from 1.1 million shares.
   Falcon Products Inc. -- An issue of 1.25 million common
shares priced at $8.625 a share through underwriters led by
Raymond James  Associates Inc. Selling concession is 32
cents. Delivery is scheduled for Jan. 28.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Citrus County Florida -- $108.6 million pollution control
revenue bonds were priced by a First Boston Corp. group.
Those 6.625% bonds, which are for the Florida Power Company,
are priced to yield 6.66% on Jan. 1, 2027. Rated single-A-1
by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
   Alabama Municipal Electric Authority -- $93.4 million
power supply system revenue refunding bonds priced by a
Merrill Lynch  Co. group to yield 3.50% in 1993 to 5.95% in
2001. Rated single-A by both Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGE

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Goldman, Sachs  Co. The offering, FNMA
1992-24, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year 8% mortgage
securities. The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate
of 8.75% and weighted average remaining term to maturity of
14.33 years, assuming prepayments at 175% of the PSA Model.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $409 million
issue of Remic securities by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The
offering, FNMA 1992-26, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year 8%
mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 8.65% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 14.33 years, assuming prepayments at 175% of the
PSA Model.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $375 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Morgan Stanley  Co. The
offering, FHLMC Gold 1213, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%
mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 29.67 years, assuming
prepayments at 170% of the PSA Model.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
offered by Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The
offering, FNMA 1992-25, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year 7.5%
mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 8.1% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 14.67 years, assuming prepayments at 160% of the
PSA Model.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million
issue of Remic securities offered by First Boston Co. The
offering, FNMA 1992-23, is backed by several issues of
stripped mortgage-backed securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 10.5825% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 24.92 years, assuming
prepayments at 300% of the PSA Model.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Norway (Sovereign) -- 100 billion yen of 5.375% Eurobonds
due Feb. 14, 1997, at an initial fixed offer price of 99.55
via IBJ International Ltd. Yield 5.48% at the initial offer
price. Fees .25.
   The Kingdom of Belgium (Sovereign) -- 500 million marks of
7.75% bonds due Feb. 25, 2002, at 101.75 via Commerzbank AG.
Fees 2.50.
   Bayerische Landesbank International S.A. Luxembourg
(German parent) -- 500 million marks of 8.125% bonds due Jan.
29, 1997, at par to yield 8.125 pc via Bayerische Landesbank
Girozentrale. Fees undisclosed.
   Asfinag (Austria) -- $200 million Eurobonds due Feb. 28,
2002, via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. Yield 0.30 point
above the yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note. Fees .125.
   Okura  Co. Ltd. (Japan) -- $100 million of 3.125%
Eurobonds due Feb. 13, 1996, at issue price par with equity
warrants attached via Daiwa Europe Ltd. Each $5,000 bond
carries one warrant exercisable from Feb. 27, 1992, to Jan.
30, 1996, to buy Okura shares at an expected 2.50% premium
above the closing share price when final terms set Jan. 27.
Fees 2.25.
   C. Itoh Fuel Co. Ltd. (Japan) -- $100 million of 3.125%
Eurobonds due Feb. 14, 1996, at issue price par with equity
warrants attached via Nikko Europe Ltd. Each $5,000 bond
carries one warrant exercisable from Feb. 27, 1992, to Feb.
6, 1996, to buy C. Itoh Fuel shares at an expected 2.50%
premium above the closing share price when final terms set
Jan. 28. Fees 2.25%.
   Dowa Mining Co. Ltd. (Japan) -- $80 million of 3.125%
Eurobonds due Feb. 14, 1996, at issue price par via lead
underwriter Nikko Europe Ltd. Each $5,000 bond carries one
warrant exercisable from Feb. 20, 1992, to Jan. 31, 1996, to
buy Dowa shares at an expected 2.50% premium above the
closing share price when terms fixed Jan. 27. Guarantor
Industrial Bank of Japan. Fees 2.25%.
   Caetana Corp. (Japan) -- 80 million Swiss francs of
privately placed convertible notes due March 31, 1996 with a
4.625% coupon at par via Nomura Bank (Switzerland). Put
option on Sept. 30, 1994, at a fixed 110.63 to yield 8.29%.
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Feb. 17,
1992, to March 22, 1996, at approximately a 2.50% premium
over the closing share price Jan. 27, 1992 (fixing date).
Fees 1.625.
   Goldwin Inc. (Japan) -- 100 million Swiss francs of
privately placed notes due Feb. 6, 1996, with equity-purchase
warrants, fixed 4.25% coupon at par via Yamaichi Bank
Switzerland. Guarantee by Hokuriku Bank. Exercise period Feb.
20, 1992, to Jan. 23, 1996. Fixing Feb. 27. Fees 1.625.