Marriott Posts Profit
   For Latest Quarter
   Against Loss in '91
The improvement stemmed from noncomparable items, such as
the impact of recently opened hotels and some writeoffs taken
in the year-ago quarter related to cost reductions and the
cancellation of some development. The company blamed the
recession for the decline in comparable earnings. It also
said there are still too many rooms available in the domestic
lodging industry.
   Marriott said "the economic environment in 1992 will be
challenging," so it will continue to cut costs. Having
reduced capital spending to less than $500 million in 1991
from $1.2 billion in 1990, the company said it will cut
spending to $300 million this year.
   For the full year, Marriott said earnings rose 74% to $82
million, or 80 cents a share, from the year-earlier $47
million, or 46 cents a share. Sales climbed 9% to $8.33
billion from $7.65 billion.
   Again, though, Marriott said earnings declined 10% on a
comparable basis. In addition to the recession and
overcapacity, the Gulf War hurt results early in the year,
the company said. Lodging operations reported a 36% gain in
operating profit for the year, but earnings were flat on a
comparable basis. Operating profit for contract services
climbed 34% but was down 8% on a comparable basis.