Thursday's Markets:
   Stocks Fall
   And Bonds
   Drift Lower
   ---
   Traders Say Rumors
   On Olympia  York
   Spark Drop in Shares
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Traders said yesterday's drop in stocks was triggered by
rumors that real-estate giant Olympia  York Developments
Ltd. might file for bankruptcy-law protection. The rumors hit
shares of some major new York banks: Chemical Banking lost 1
1/8 to 31 1/2, and J.P. Morgan dropped 1 to 59. A spokesman
for Olympia  York denied the rumors.
   Sellers dominated trading, with many buyers stepping to
the sidelines to await this morning's government report on
February employment, said Tom Gallagher, head trader at
Oppenheimer.
   "The stock market is in a jam," said Mr. Gallagher. If the
employment data is weaker than expected, investors might
conclude that the economy isn't recovering as strongly as
other indicators have suggested. In that case, the
now-popular shares of companies tied to the economic cycle
might seem too expensive.
   On the other hand, if the report hints at a
stronger-than-expected economy, bond yields could jump and
offer stiffer competition to stocks for investment dollars.
   Such lose-lose thoughts produced yesterday's broad-based
decline in both cyclical stocks and shares of companies that
can be counted on to produce consistent earnings in a
sluggish economy. Among the former: Caterpillar lost 1 1/8 to
49 7/8, Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 7/8 to 70 1/2, and
Allied-Signal fell 1 to 49 1/4. So-called growth issues on
the skids included Philip Morris, which lost 7/8 to 74 1/2,
and Procter  Gamble, which sank 1 7/8 to 99 3/4.
   The bond market has been anticipating renewed inflation
along with a recovering economy, but some traders think such
fears may be overblown. "Inflation data this month has been
benign, and officials at the Federal Reserve have been saying
for months that inflation is less and less of a problem,"
said Patrick Alexander, a senior vice president and bond
trader at Discount Advisors of New York.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices dropped. New York Stock Exchange volume
totaled 205.7 million shares, where 1,267 issues fell and 486
rose.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices fell. The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond
lost 5/8 of a point, or $6.25 for each $1,000 face amount.
The issue's yield rose to 7.96%.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar strengthened. In late New York trading the
currency was quoted at 1.6720 marks and 131.90 yen compared
with 1.6680 marks and 131.68 yen Wednesday.