Thursday's Markets:
   Stocks Close
   With Gains;
   Bonds Fall
   ---
   Late Rally Gives Dow
   3.58-Point Advance;
   Dollar Finishes Mixed
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, down 30 points in the
morning, spurted to a 3.58 gain in the final minutes of
trading to 3172.41. Standard & Poor's 500-Stock Index gained
0.17 to 417.26 -- also a record -- while the New York Stock
Exchange Composite Index dropped 0.27 to 229.17. The Nasdaq
composite index, a measure of small stock prices, rose 0.11
to 586.45.
   Gail Dudack, a market strategist at S.G. Warburg, said
stock prices were "due for a setback for a day or two" after
the 10-day Christmas rally, during which the Dow Jones
industrials climbed nearly 9%. "We'll see higher highs
again," she added.
   Some money managers pointed out that investors had been
waiting for 1992 to take profits -- partly to keep their 1991
tax bill as low as possible and partly in hopes that the
capital-gains tax will be cut this year.
   Indeed, among yesterday's losing stocks were those that
jumped late last year: AMR Inc., the parent of American
Airlines, fell 1 to 69 1/2, and Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corp. lost 6 to 131 1/2. Aluminum Co. of America slipped 3/8
to 64, and International Paper dropped 3/4 to 70.
   Dudley Eppel, head of block trading at Donaldson Lufkin &
Jeanrette, said that despite profit-taking, most of his
clients wanted to buy stock. Money managers agree that
expectations of a continued decline in long-term interest
rates are giving stocks further to run up. But the managers
add they will start sifting for stocks with good earnings
prospects rather than lapping up a broad range of issues as
they have been doing.
   "You had this euphoric binge over the last week or two,
almost buying anything or everything," said James L.
Crawford, managing director for J.&W. Seligman & Co., a New
York money management firm. "Now the pressure on that side is
over, and we're getting back to the fundamentals." Investors
will be watching for any earnings disappointments when
companies report fourth-quarter results this month.
   Profit-taking also dominated the bond market, but many
traders hadn't returned from their New Year's holiday. The
Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond slipped about 7/8 point, or
approximately $8.75 for each $1,000 face amount.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices were mixed in heavy trading. Volume totaled
203.6 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange, where
917 issues fell and 871 rose.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices fell. The yield on the Treasury's benchmark
30-year issue rose to 7.46%.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar was mixed. In late New York trading, the
currency was quoted at 1.5310 marks, compared with 1.5170
marks Tuesday, and at 124.45 yen, down from 124.85.