Economy:
   Tracking the Economy
   ----
   By Andrew Sobel
January data scheduled for release this week should
contain the "first very, very faint sign of an economic
spring," says Norman Robertson, chief economist at Mellon
Bank in Pittsburgh.
   Mr. Robertson estimates retail sales rose a "mildly
encouraging" 0.3% last month, or 0.6% when automobile sales
are excluded. Although January car sales were weak, they did
improve at month's end, signaling the potential return of
"consumer demand following a very dismal Christmas season."
   The auto industry's lack of power has stalled the
manufacturing sector. Industrial production likely fell again
in January, this time by 0.2%, Mr. Robertson says. The
decline reflects soft demand for goods and, possibly renewed
inventory liquidation, he says. "It looks as though the
recession in manufacturing that was widespread at the end of
last year is persisting into the early part of 1992."
   With demand so slow, producers have had a hard time
raising prices. The Producer Price Index gained only 0.1% in
January, the Mellon Bank economist estimate. But even that
bit of good news is tempered; excluding food and energy
prices, the inflation index likely rose a more pronounced
0.4%, Mr. Robertson says.
   "While the total is very modest, take out food and energy,
and it's not all that favorable. It would suggest that we
still need to be careful about inflation."
                                                                                                       

            Statistics to Be Released This Week

 ECONOMIC                 RELEASE   PREVIOUS   MMS CONSENSUS
 INDICATOR      PERIOD    DATE       ACTUAL       FORECAST
                                                                                                       

 Retail Sales    January  Feb. 13       -0.4%        +0.2%
                                                                                                       

 Initial Jobless Week to  Feb. 13     440,000      450,000
   Claims        Feb. 1
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:   Week to  Feb. 13      +$11.8        -$3.0
   M1            Feb. 3               billion      billion
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:   Week to  Feb. 13       +$9.6        -$1.9
   M2            Feb. 3               billion      billion
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:   Week to  Feb. 13      +$15.3        -$0.5
   M3            Feb. 3               billion      billion
                                                                                                       

 New-Car Sales   Early    Feb. 13         6.1          5.8
   (ann. rate)   Feb.                 million      million
                                                                                                       

 Producer Prices January  Feb. 14       -0.2%        -0.1%
                                                                                                       

 Industrial      January  Feb. 14       -0.2%        -0.5%
   Production
                                                                                                       

 Capacity        January  Feb. 14       79.0%        78.4%
   Utilization
                                                                                                       

 Business        December Feb. 14       +0.2%        -0.2%
   Inventories
                                                                                                       

               Statistics Released Last Week
                                                                                                       

 Constr. Spending (ann. rate)               $407.40 billion
   December                                           -0.2%
                                                                                                       

 Purchasing Mgrs. Survey                              47.4%
   January                                        No change
                                                                                                       

 New-Car Sales                                      851,939
   January                                            +3.5%
                                                                                                       

 Factory Orders                             $233.83 billion
   December                                           -3.8%
                                                                                                       

 Unemployment Rate                                     7.1%
   January                                        No change
                                                                                                       

 Nonfarm Payrolls                               108,755,000
   January                                          -91,000
                                                                                                       

 Consumer Credit                             -$1.72 billion
   December                                           -2.8%
                                                                                                       

   N.A.= Not available
   Source: MMS International; N.Y., N.Y.