U.S. Car Sales
   Are Lackluster
   In Latest Period
   ---
   Mid-February Pace Deflates
   Hopes of Solid Recovery,
   `Buy American' Support
   ----
   By Bradley A. Stertz
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"At best it's mildly encouraging," suggested Joseph
Phillippi, an industry analyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers
Inc. in New York, adding, "Thank God for Honda and Toyota."
   Both Japanese auto makers surged on the strength of the
U.S.-built sedans that form the core of their product lineup.
   Honda Motor Co.'s total car sales jumped 15.7% from a year
ago because it sold 23% more of the Honda Accords it builds
in Ohio.
   Toyota Motor Corp., meanwhile, saw demand for its Toyota
Camry nearly double to push its total car sales 63.6% higher.
So far this year Accord sales are up 29.5% thanks in part to
leasing incentives, while demand for the redesigned Camry has
soared 42.4%. Most Camrys sold in the U.S. are assembled in
Kentucky.
   Total car and light-truck sales increased 6.1%, even
though domestic car sales rose just 2.5% from the mediocre
year-earlier results. Sales of trucks, vans and sport-utility
vehicles climbed 7.1%.
   The mixed sales results prompted divided reactions from
analysts and dealers, who are groping for signs that the
economy is pulling out of its recession.
   "We see continued improvement in household balance sheets
and a readiness of the Federal Reserve to respond to any
economic sluggishness as sure signs that the ongoing rally in
new-vehicle sales will be sustained," said Thomas Webb, chief
economist of the National Automobile Dealers Association.
   But some dealers said they're seeing the darker side of
the economy that showed up in the latest survey by the
Conference Board. That report found consumer confidence in
February fell to its lowest level since the recession of
1974.
   "People around here aren't going out on a limb," said Joe
Lee, owner of Joe Lee Chevrolet in Clinton, Ark. "They're
still worried about what the future holds for them."
   Buyers coming into DiTardi Pontiac and Buick in Woodstock,
Ill., desparately need new transportation. "We're getting the
people who have to buy, that's about it," says Jim Potts,
owner of the dealership near the border with Wisconsin. "Cars
are being towed in, pushed in, or limping in with 110,000
miles on them. We're not getting any good trades."
   Wall Street also took a dim view of the auto market's
prospects. Stocks in the Big Three auto makers tumbled in New
York Stock Exchange trading in the wake of the downbeat
consumer confidence report.
   General Motors Corp. shares closed at $36.50, down $1.25;
Ford Motor Co. closed at $35.625, down $1.25; and Chrysler
Corp. closed at $16.325, down 50 cents.
   But analyst John V. Kirnan of Kidder, Peabody  Co. said
the weak overall results obscure a promising rebound in sales
to individual consumers. Sales to rental car companies and
big corporate fleets have made up a smaller percentage of
U.S. sales since January than a year ago, he said. That's
good because big fleet buyers typically wrangle lower prices
from auto makers than ordinary consumers get.
   Still, neither Ford nor GM saw their domestic car sales
improve as much as Honda's and Toyota's. Ford reported demand
for its domestically-built cars was almost flat with a year
earlier, while GM's increased just 3.1%. Chrysler Corp.
doesn't report sales on a 10-day basis. The trade publication
Ward's Automotive Reports estimated that Chrysler's total
vehicle sales fell 4.2% in mid-February.
   ---
          RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a
                                                                                                       

                           1992           1991          x-%
                           Feb 11-20      Feb 11-20     Chg.
                                                                                                       

 GM total vehicles ......    112,505       109,963     + 2.3

   Imported car .........      2,966         2,333     +27.1
     Total car ..........     78,132        75,222     + 3.9
   Domestic truck .......     34,267        34,701     - 1.3
   Imported truck .......        106            40    +165.0
     Total truck ........     34,373        34,741     - 1.1
                                                                                                       

 FORD total vehicles ....     87,574        83,598     + 4.8
   Domestic car .........     50,881        50,799     + 0.2
   Imported car .........      1,800         1,341     +34.2
     Total car ..........     52,681        52,140     + 1.0
   Domestic truck .......     34,893        31,458     +10.9
                                                                                                       

 CHRYSLER total veh-e ...     41,400        43,200     - 4.2
   Domestic car .........     17,250        20,500     -15.9
   Imported car .........      1,300         1,300       0.0
     Total car ..........     18,550        21,800     -14.9
   Domestic truck .......     22,750        21,250     + 7.1
   Imported truck .......        100           150     -33.3
     Total truck ........     22,850        21,400     + 6.8
                                                                                                       

 HONDA total vehicles ...     20,665        17,866     +15.7
   Domestic car .........     12,407         9,838     +26.1
   Imported car .........      8,258         8,028     + 2.9
                                                                                                       

 TOYOTA total veh .......     32,515        21,307     +52.6
   Domestic car .........     10,516         5,854     +79.6
   Imported car .........     14,432         9,396     +53.6
     Total car ..........     24,948        15,250     +63.6
   Domestic truck .......        618             0
   Imported truck .......      6,949         6,057     +14.7
     Total truck ........      7,567         6,057     +24.9
                                                                                                       

 NISSAN total vehicles ..      6,777         5,632     +20.3
   Domestic car .........      3,239         2,616     +23.8
   Domestic truck .......      3,538         3,016     +17.3
                                                                                                       

 MAZDA total vehicles ...      1,674         4,264     -60.7
   Domestic car .........      1,507         3,978     -62.1
   Domestic truck .......        167           286     -41.6
                                                                                                       

 MITSUBISHI-c ...........      1,871         2,159     -13.3
                                                                                                       

 SUBARU domestic car ....      1,187         1,074     +10.5
                                                                                                       

 ISUZU domestic truck ...      1,296           757     +71.2
   Total cars ...........    202,780       192,105     + 5.6
   Domestic .............    174,024       169,707     + 2.5
   Imported .............     28,756        22,398     +28.4
     Total trucks .......    104,684        97,715     + 7.1
   Domestic .............     97,529        91,468     + 6.6
   Imported .............      7,155         6,247     +14.5
   Total domestic veh ...    271,553       261,175     + 4.0
     Total vehicles .....    307,464       289,820     + 6.1
                                                                                                       

   a-Totals include only vehicle sales reported in the
period.
   c-Domestic car
   x-There were 9 selling days in the most recent period and
9 a year earlier. Percentage differences based on daily sales
rate rather than sales volume.
   e-Estimated