These Shrewd Novice Candidates
   Know What Politics Is All About
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"I'm a poor man. I need to survive," explains Mr.
Faulkner, a 37-year-old chemical engineer in Madison, Wis.,
who has proposed paying himself $3,000 a month to manage his
own campaign. Without such help, "we're guaranteeing that
only the rich can run for office," he says.
   Robert Cortese, 35, a laid-off audio-equipment salesman in
Burbank, Calif., has proposed paying himself $975 a month.
"People I've talked to say they understand if I have to take
a small amount of money to pay for my personal expenses." Mr.
Cortese also suggested placing his wife on the committee
payroll, an idea the FEC counsel recommended that the
commission also approve.
   Both candidates acknowledge they might not raise even
enough contributions to pay their salaries. Mr. Faulkner is
challenging an incumbent within his own party, Republican
Sen. Robert Kasten. And as an independent, Mr. Cortese must
collect more than 140,000 signatures from registered voters
by early August just to be placed on California's ballot.
   There is some precedent for their controversial requests,
dating back to 1976 when the election commission first ruled
that a campaign committee can pay for a candidate's personal
expenses. But no candidate had ever asked to draw a salary
from private contributions.
   "It could be a very dangerous precedent, and that's why I
didn't ask to pay myself as a candidate but as {my own}
campaign manager," Mr. Faulkner says. "I wouldn't want this
to be precedent-setting in that some exuberant shyster . . .
could run for office and pay himself a salary of $100
million."
   Kenneth A. Gross, an election-law specialist with the law
firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher  Flom, says: "I have a
lot of sympathy for the candidates, but I guess you need to
save up before you run for office."