Mid-December Car Sales
   Hit Lowest Level of Year
   ---
   Wariness by Buyers Blamed;
   Dealers See Some Hope
   In Lower Interest Rates
   ----
   By Bradley A. Stertz
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the Dec. 11-20 period, U.S.-made cars sold at an
annual rate of 5.2 million vehicles. That's well below the
seasonally adjusted annual selling pace of 5.4 million cars
from a depressed early December, and also below the sluggish
6.0 million clip set in all of November.
   In the mid-December period of 1990, domestic-car sales
fell severely to 5.2 million vehicles as the nation, already
in an economic slump, prepared for the start of the Persian
Gulf War.
   Overall in the latest period, Americans bought 208,030
domestic vehicles in mid-December, up only 0.4% from the
dismal year-earlier sales of 207,222 cars and light trucks.
That minimal increase primarily resulted from the 5.6% rise
in light truck sales, fueled by the bitter race between
   Ford Motor Co. and General Motors Corp.'s Chevrolet
division to claim leadership in the pickup truck market.
Sales of domestic cars fell 2.8% in the period from a year
ago.
   The days leading up to Christmas are generally the weakest
part of the year for auto sales. But continuing reports of a
grim economic outlook made the poor mid-December showing
worse. "Sales last year were so terrible that to see sales
down from those levels this year is very discouraging," said
Ronald A. Glantz, an auto industry analyst with Dean Witter
Reynolds Inc.
   "The weakness clearly justified the Federal Reserve
Board's slashing of the discount rate," said Tom Webb, chief
economist with the National Automobile Dealers Association.
   But better news may lie ahead. The Fed's move to cut the
discount rate to 3.5%, its lowest level in 27 years, seemed
to have an immediate impact on showroom traffic, according to
auto dealers throughout the country.
   In the early weeks of December, a chain of 10 dealerships
owned by James Brown in suburban Cleveland laid off about 20
employees to cope with its worst sales in 13 years. But
immediately after the drop in interest rates, buyers began
showing up again. Mr. Brown's Chevrolet franchise sharply
increased its sales to 105 cars and trucks in the five
business days between Christmas and New Year's Day alone. The
franchise had sold just 50 vehicles in mid-December.
   "The Fed's action definitely made a difference in the
atmosphere out there," said Richard Smith, a Kansas City,
Mo., Ford dealer. "We've seen more traffic since Christmas
than we have in months."
   Still, just how long sales will improve remains uncertain.
"Further monetary stimulus may be needed to ensure a
turnaround before the all-important spring market," said the
NADA's Mr. Webb.
   Ford's domestic truck sales rose a solid 17.6% in
mid-December as it made its final push to stay atop Chevrolet
in the truck market. Dealers said that last month, Ford
boosted its rebates to consumers and dealers to a total of
$1,800 on its full-sized pickups. GM countered, dealers said,
by increasing rebates on its full-sized pickups to $1,500
altogether. GM's domestic truck sales fell 7.3% in
mid-December.
   GM's overall sales fell 4.9%, while Ford's jumped 5.5%
despite a 5.9% decline in its domestic car sales. The three
largest Japanese auto makers, Toyota Motor Corp., Honda Motor
Co. and Nissan Motor, all posted higher domestic car sales in
the period.
   ---
          RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a
                                                                                                       

                             1991         1990         x-%
                          Dec 11-20    Dec 11-20       Chg.
                                                                                                       

 GM total vehicles ....    91,447        96,189       - 4.9
   Domestic car .......    56,872        59,978       - 5.2
   Imported car .......     2,877         2,032       +41.6
     Total car ........    59,749        62,010       - 3.6

   Imported truck .....        72            60       +20.0
     Total truck ......    31,698        34,179       - 7.3
                                                                                                       

 FORD total vehicles ..    62,077        58,846       + 5.5
   Domestic car .......    30,447        32,364       - 5.9
   Imported car .......     1,539           900       +71.0
     Total car ........    31,986        33,264       - 3.8
   Domestic truck .....    30,091        25,582       +17.6
                                                                                                       

 CHRYSLER totl veh-e ..    33,725        34,149       - 1.2
   Domestic car-e .....    13,400        16,278       -17.7
   Imported car-e .....     1,650         1,605       + 2.8
     Total car-e ......    15,050        17,883       -15.8
   Domestic truck-e....    18,500        16,000       +15.6
   Imported truck-e....       175           266       -34.2
     Total truck-e ....    18,675        16,266       +14.8
                                                                                                       

 HONDA total vehicles .    17,900        13,528       +32.3
   Domestic car .......     9,473         6,384       +48.4
   Imported car .......     8,427         7,144       +18.0
                                                                                                       

 TOYOTA total veh .....    25,355        21,665       +17.0
   Domestic car .......     7,604         6,270       +21.3
   Imported car .......    10,823         9,662       +12.0
     Total car ........    18,427        15,932       +15.7
   Domestic truck .....       155             0        ....
   Imported truck .....     6,773         5,733       +18.1
     Total truck ......     6,928         5,733       +20.8
                                                                                                       

 NISSAN total vehicles.     4,957         4,838       + 2.5
   Domestic car .......     2,778         2,762       + 0.6
   Domestic truck .....     2,179         2,076       + 5.0
                                                                                                       

 MAZDA total vehicles .     1,211         1,445       -16.2
   Domestic car .......       983         1,148       -14.4
   Domestic truck .....       228           297       -23.2
                                                                                                       

 MITSUBISHI-c .........     2,233         1,092      +104.5
                                                                                                       

 SUBARU domestic car ..       522         1,657       -68.5
                                                                                                       

 ISUZU domestic truck .       939         1,215       -22.7
                                                                                                       

 Total cars ...........   149,628       149,276       + 0.2
   Domestic ...........   124,312       127,933       - 2.8
   Imported ...........    25,316        21,343       +18.6
                                                                                                       

 Total trucks .........    90,738        85,348       + 6.3
   Domestic ...........    83,718        79,289       + 5.6
   Imported ...........     7,020         6,059       +15.9
                                                                                                       

 Total domestic veh ...   208,030       207,222       + 0.4
                                                                                                       

 Total vehicles .......   240,366       234,624       + 2.4
                                                                                                       

   a-Totals include only vehicle sales reported in the
period.
   c-Domestic car
   x-There were 9 selling days in the most recent period and
9 a year earlier. Percentage differences based on daily sales
rate rather than sales volume.
   e-Estimated