Chargeurs S.A. Net
   Slipped 30% in 1991;
   Operating Profit Rose
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
This came despite a 6.5% drop in consolidated revenue to
10.27 billion francs from 10.99 billion francs. The group's
dividend was unchanged at 42 francs.
   Chargeurs said the underlying improvement reflects gains
from a drastic restructuring effort, particularly in
textiles, the group's core activity. Textile operating profit
rose to 317 million francs from 94 million francs, while
textile's net loss narrowed substantially to 30 million
francs from 1.15 billion francs.
   In clothing materials, which has been the subject of
drastic reorganization efforts, the operating loss declined
to 70 million francs from 122 million francs.
   But in Paris trading yesterday, Chargeurs stock closed
down 34 at 1,196 francs. Traders said investors were somewhat
disappointed by the flat dividend.
   Yesterday notwithstanding, Chargeurs stock has been
gaining ground recently on the Paris Bourse, boosted in large
part by promising results for BSkyB, the British satellite
television group, in which Chargeurs holds a 15.9% stake.
That is expected to make a positive contribution to group
results this year.
   "The growth of BSkyB's marketing efforts has been
exceptional," Chargeurs said. "In 1991, the number of
households hooked up increased by more than 1 million to a
total of 3.1 million, while the number of subscribers . . .
rose by 600,000 to over 1.4 million."
   BSkyB is expected to attain break-even results by March
1992.
   But overall in communications, Chargeurs' operating loss
actually widened to 112 million francs from 82 million
francs, while the division's net income fell to 378 million
francs from 1.61 billion francs. The net figure primarily
reflects one-time items.
   Chargeurs said its cinema units, Pathe Cinema and Renn
Productions, were hurt by a 6.2% decline in box-office
receipts, as well as exceptional provisions at Renn.