OTC Focus:
   Stocks Inch Lower on Slump in Bonds;
   Selling Is More Subdued Than Expected
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But the selling was more subdued than some traders said
they had feared would emerge when yields broached 8%. The
Nasdaq Composite Index closed with a loss of just 1.22, or
0.20%, to 615.92, well above its intraday low of 612.22.
   Big Board issues also recovered from early losses. The New
York Stock Exchange Composite Index slipped 0.25, or 0.11%,
while the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished unchanged.
   Declining Nasdaq issues outnumbered advancers, 1,203 to
913. National Market System volume totaled 151,890,000
shares, off from 158,000,000 Wednesday.
   Tripping the bond market and, in turn, stocks yesterday
morning was a stronger-than-expected reading on February
retail sales. The Commerce Department said sales rose 1.3%,
greater than the 0.8% increase that analysts had forecast.
But although worries about the report stayed with bond
investors, those concerns eased later in the session for
stock market participants.
   "The retail sales report has convinced a lot of investors
that the recovery in the economy is actually materializing,
and that they can count on better profits for many companies
in the quarters ahead," said James R. Solloway, director of
research at Argus Research. He expects higher Nasdaq stock
prices ahead as long as the Federal Reserve holds short-term
interest rates in check.
   Investors in Mips Computer, though, didn't have to wait
for increased prices. That stock soared 2 1/2, or 23%, to 13
1/2 on market-leading volume of five million shares after the
company agreed to merge with New York Stock Exchange-listed
Silicon Graphics.
   Each share of Mips, which is based in Sunnyvale, Calif.,
will be swapped for 0.61 share of Silicon Graphics. The
surviving company, to be called Mips Technologies, is
expected to have annual revenue of about $1 billion.
   Silicon Graphics investors, however, didn't embrace the
transaction. That stock slumped 4 3/4 to 21 7/8 in Big Board
composite trading.
   Lone Star Steakhouse leapt to 19 1/2, 44% above its
offering price of $13.50 a share, on volume of 1.7 million
shares. The Wichita, Kan., restaurant operator was the
subject of an initial public offering of 1.4 million shares.
   The IPO was priced above the $10-to-$12 range that had
been expected. The size of the issue, meanwhile, was
increased from the 1,150,000 shares that had been planned.
American Dental Laser gained 7/8 to 5 3/8, after plunging 1
1/2 Wednesday. Yesterday morning, the company revised its
estimate of its fourth-quarter results to a loss of $3.6
million. Just last week, the Troy, Mich., company forecast
the deficit at $1.6 million, citing slack sales and
higher-than-expected expenses.
   A "sell" recommendation from Dain Bosworth analyst Rachael
M. Scherer helped to deflate the stock Wednesday. The
analyst, who had rated it a "hold," said she doesn't expect
American Dental to return to profitability until at least the
third quarter.
   Sunrise Technologies, meanwhile, slipped 1 to 12 1/2. The
Fremont, Calif., company makes dLase 300 laser systems that
are marketed by American Dental. The company had already said
that American Dental's shortfall would result in its
recording a loss from operations for the first quarter.
   Arthur Vassiliadis, Sunrise's chairman, said he hadn't yet
determined whether American Dental's widened loss estimate
means Sunrise's first-quarter loss will be greater than had
been expected. No specific estimate has been released.
Sunrise shares fell 1 1/2 Wednesday.
   Puritan-Bennett jumped 2 to 23 despite its report that it
had a fourth-quarter loss of $6.8 million, or 58 cents a
share, against year-earlier net income of $4 million, or 35
cents a share. The latest quarter's deficit, though, includes
pretax charges totaling $9.7 million. The company said
revenue growth and reduced spending should boost
profitability this year.
   California Microwave dropped 3 1/8 to 12 1/2 after the
company projected earnings of 19 cents a share for its third
quarter, ending this month, down from net income of 24 cents
a year ago. For all of fiscal 1992, the Sunnyvale, Calif.,
concern expects net income to be about equal to the 93 cents
it earned last year.
   Dollar General slumped 1 1/8 to 24 7/8, even though the
company posted fourth-quarter net income of 57 cents a share,
up from 44 cents a year ago, and in line with analysts'
expectations.
   VideOcart gained 1 1/4 to 12 5/8 and Menley  James rose
3/4 to 12 after the stocks were added to Hambrecht  Quist's
list of its top 20 recommendations. Amgen, which fell 1 1/4
to 63, and Novellus, which slipped 1/2 to 17 3/4, were
removed from the list.
   Atlantic Tele-Network lost 2 to 12 after Kemper Securities
Group reduced its 1992 earnings estimate for the company.