Who's News:
   Cyprus's Chairman
   Is Named President
   And Chief Executive
The 57-year-old Mr. Campbell, a board member since 1985
and chairman since May, said he will leave his post as
president and chief executive of Goodman Equipment Corp.,
Chicago, to handle day-to-day duties at Cyprus. He said he
will remain full-time at Cyprus "as long as it takes" the
board to find a permanent successor. He wouldn't say whether
he considers himself a candidate.
   "There's so much to be done at Cyprus, and the things that
have to be done have to be done now," Mr. Campbell said. He
said he agrees with the board that the company needs to focus
on building its coal and copper reserves and operations. He
said he expects that will require the company to increase its
debt in the coming months. Currently, long-term debt is only
about 15% of the company's capital. In addition, Mr. Campbell
said, the company needs to cut costs to become more
competitive.
   Cyprus has been struggling over the past two years with
rising costs and some troubled operations. Ore grade has been
declining at its copper mines and the company was having
problems with its smelter at Miami, Ariz., which it planned
to idle this spring for rebuilding. The company also has been
plagued by poor performance of coal and molybdenum mines
acquired in the past few years.