World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Rally as Short-Term Rates Drop,
   But Shares Weaken in London and Frankfurt
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The 225-share Nikkei index shot up 675.82 points, or 3.2%,
to 21534.12 after a decision by the Bank of Japan to push
short-term interest rates below 5% by adding 600 billion yen
($4.85 billion) of discount bills to the money market. The
index, battered so far in 1992, lost 55.52 points Tuesday.
   On Thursday, the Nikkei index rose 125.16 points to close
the morning session at 21659.28.
   Wednesday, the Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of
first-section issues was up 34.38 points, or 2.2%, to
1603.81, after a fall of 5.48 points Tuesday.
   First-section volume totaled an estimated 270 million
shares, up slightly from Tuesday's 239.6 million. Gainers
overwhelmed losers, 868-179.
   In addition to the boost from lower rates, bulls were
cheered by comments from Yasushi Mieno, governor of the
central bank, that he was concerned about the recent downturn
in the stock market.
   Even with the rise in the Nikkei Wednesday, shares are
still down 6.3% so far this year. In addition, the market
continues to face selling pressure from investment trusts and
corporate stock funds ahead of the March 31 end of the
Japanese fiscal year.
   Mr. Mieno also threw cold water on hopes of an early cut
in Japan's official discount rate, damping investor hopes of
easier money flowing into the market and sparking a prime
rate rally.
   Foreign investors, who had been shying away from the
market, were big buyers on the rally. The recent strength of
the yen, and a belief in currency markets that the yen's
climb isn't over, encouraged foreign buying. Foreigners were
big buyers of stocks late last year, just before the market
began to slide.
   "The foreigners will be vindicated," predicted Brian
Tobin, deputy general manager of equities trading at S.G.
Warburg Securities (Japan). In addition to the lower short
rates, Mr. Tobin was encouraged by the increase in volume,
which he said would make it easier to absorb the corporate
fund selling.
   Many analysts believe that Mr. Mieno, despite his
statements to the contrary, will be forced to lower Japan's
official discount rate from its current 4.5% before the end
of the fiscal year, which should also boost the market.
However, the reason for that cut -- a stagnating economy --
may continue to hurt share prices before the cut comes.
   The drop in short-term rates "indicates that once {the
Nikkei} gets toward 20000, officials will take action," said
Jason C. James, strategist at James Capel Pacific Ltd.
   While optimistic about the market in a month's time, Mr.
James was less hopeful about the near term. "It's too early
to say if this is the start of the real thing," he said. "If
we see a significant bounce -- and today really isn't a
significant bounce -- we'll still see investment trusts
selling" the market.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index shed 21.4 points to 2522 after sliding 1.5 points
Tuesday. The FT 30-share index lost 13.2 points to 1960.9 on
the heels of a 2.2-point rise Tuesday. Volume totaled 515.6
million shares, compared with 619.4 million shares.
   Share prices weakened amid a dearth of trading themes.
Uncertain early dealings on Wall Street left British
investors stranded, as did the lack of major corporate or
economic news. The market continued to be plagued by doubts
over the timing and outcome of the next general election, as
well as prospects for economic recovery and corporate
profitability.
   Investors once again heard gloomy news as British
industrial production fell a seasonally adjusted 0.6% in
November from October and dropped 0.6% from a year earlier.
   Those figures compare with market forecasts for a 0.2%
fall in industrial production in November from October and a
year-on-year decline of 0.1%. The data fueled fears that an
economic recovery might not be taking hold as soon as was
thought.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index ended at 1680.10,
down 5.19 points after an 8.12-point climb Tuesday. Stock
prices drifted lower in modest volume, with little news to
inspire the market.
   In Seoul, share prices rallied on heightened expectations
of further lowering of market interest rates. The Korea
Composite Stock Price Index was up 16.28 points, or 2.6%, to
646.28.
   Among corporate developments, Eurotunnel shares fell
steeply on London's stock exchange and on the Paris bourse on
news that a British appeals court ruled in favor of
Trans-Manche Link, an Anglo-French contractors' consortium,
in a dispute with Eurotunnel tied to cost overruns on the
cooling system of the English Channel tunnel. The move lifts
certain restrictions on any work stoppage that TML might
threaten on the massive engineering project.
   In London, Eurotunnel dropped 12 pence, or 2.6%, to 443
pence ($7.99). In Paris, Eurotunnel skidded 1.10 French
francs, or 2.4%, to 44.15 francs ($8.16).
   In Zurich, Sandoz closed unchanged at 2,590 Swiss francs
($1,840). Sandoz said the U.S. Treasury Department's Office
of International Investment won't investigate its proposed
acquisition of SyStemix Inc. stock under the Exon-Florio
Amendment. That amendment allows the U.S. Committee on
Foreign Investment to investigate certain transactions by or
with foreigners to determine effects on national security.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % 1991
                              Jan 21     Jan 20     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ......................   385.6      389.0     +25.7
 Britain ...................   752.4      753.6     +17.7
 Canada ....................   409.3      412.6     +11.6
 Japan .....................   910.5      911.6     - 8.4
 France ....................   529.3      528.1     +24.8
 Germany ...................   261.5      257.3     +15.9
 Hong Kong .................  3277.9     3267.8     +50.9
 Switzerland ...............   217.2      216.4     +28.7
 Australia .................   349.7      353.9     +30.6
 World index ...............   523.6      525.3     +13.5