USX Posts Loss
   Of $394 Million
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Dana Milbank
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
USX-Marathon Group had a loss of $229 million, or 90 cents
a share, including a noncash charge of $260 million to adjust
inventories for lower prices. In the year-earlier quarter,
Marathon earned $216 million, or 84 cents a share, including
a $140 million inventory adjustment credit. Sales fell 23% to
$3.57 billion from $4.62 billion.
   The company's other operating unit, USX-U.S. Steel Group,
had a loss of $165 million, or $3.25 a share, including
charges of $80 million and $49 million for plant
restructurings and for environmental and litigation costs,
respectively. That compares with a profit of $51 million, or
99 cents a share, in the year-earlier quarter, including
charges of $61 million. Sales fell 19% to $1.31 billion from
$1.62 billion.
   Even without the unusual items, U.S. Steel had a loss of
$36 million in the quarter, or about $42 a ton of steel
shipped. Charles A. Bradford, metals analyst with UBS
Securities, said the loss per ton was closer to $25 a ton
after removing nonrecurring items, though even this came as a
disappointment to Wall Street, which had anticipated a
break-even quarter. U.S. Steel was forced to ship a higher
proportion of low-grade steel because of slipping automotive
demand and weakness in oildrilling pipe.
   While the steel segment is expected to break even in the
first quarter and improve through 1992, USX Chairman Charles
A. Corry termed the near-term outlook "clouded" because of
weakness in the U.S. economy and world-wide steel oversupply.
The company also said first-quarter results would be hurt by
a Jan. 18 electrical fire at its Mon Valley slab mill in
Pennsylvania.
   Marathon's profits declined 59% to $31 million from $76
million, excluding the inventory adjustments. The results
were within the range of analysts' expectations and in line
with drops of 50% or more at other oil companies. The decline
reflects the fall in oil prices, from more than $30 a barrel
to about $21 currently because of the Persian Gulf War. As a
result, lower profit at Marathon's refining business
outweighed lower production costs.
   "Under these circumstances, it was a respectable
performance," said Paul Mlotok, oil analyst with Morgan
Stanley. But while Marathon's results improved modestly from
the third quarter for seasonal reasons, Mr. Mlotok predicts
another poor comparison in the first quarter and a slightly
weaker year in 1992 because of low natural gas prices.
   In late New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday,
USX-U.S. Steel shares fell 25 cents to $26.75, and
USX-Marathon shares rose 12.5 cents to $23.625.