REVIEW  OUTLOOK (Editorial):
   Hard Worker Takes Ill
The United States has been down in the dumps recently --
down on its economy, down on its ability to compete
internationally, down even on its President. This gloom is
mainly the reason for the President's decision to take along
a caravan of Big Businessmen, touring the vastness of Asia on
behalf of "jobs, jobs, jobs."
   America's economic flu is of course a matter deserving
serious attention and discussion. As important, though, is
that we keep the underlying strength of our political and
economic life in some larger, controlling perspective.
President Bush's sudden sickness is one of those events that
make us stand back to take stock.
   There's George Bush himself. He's been politically
embattled lately, but there is no taking away the fact that
the Bush personality reflects quite a bit of the modern
American temper -- relentlessly upbeat, a can-do workaholic
whose idea of "relaxing" is competitive sports.
   So he picked a bad time to get sick. You could say the
same for the American economy. There is really never a good
time for Presidents or economies to get sick. Typically, this
most instinctively competitive of Presidents got back to his
feet, with no question that he'd prefer to go back in and
"play through" his injury. George Bush may be this country's
most famous American now, but we would consider it in no way
overly optimistic to suggest that Mr. Bush is not the only
American who intends to shake it off and get up and running
at full speed as quickly as possible.