Economy:
   Tracking the Economy
   ----
   By Andrew Sobel
Mark February as the month the U.S. economic recovery
began in earnest. As the data come rolling in, the economy
appears much stronger than it seemed only a month ago, says
Michael Niemira, economist at Mitsubishi Bank Ltd. in New
York.
   Take, for example, February's industrial production index,
due for release this week. The key gauge of manufacturing
activity rose as much as 0.7% last month, Mr. Niemira
estimates, "a very nice rebound" after a 0.9% tumble in
January.  A 10% rise in car and truck production directly
contributed a third of the gain, but its indirect impact was
even greater, Mr. Niemira says. "It's the steel, the glass.
It's the feedback effect that makes an auto output rise like
this much more dramatic."
   Mr. Niemira's bullish outlook on manufacturing extends
beyond February. Consumers are returning to stores and auto
showrooms, drawing down inventories, he says, which should
increase new orders and, consequently, production.
   Bears won't get ammunition from the other February
indicators due this week. Housing starts likely fell 1.5%,
Mr. Niemira says, but that primarily reflects wet weather in
the South and West. Rising homes sales and falling home
inventories are likely to encourage a quicker pace of starts,
probably beginning in March, he says.
   "Nothing looks problematic" on the inflation front, the
Mitsubishi economist says. He estimates the Consumer Price
Index rose 0.3% last month.
                                                                                                       

            Statistics to Be Released This Week
                                                                                                       

                                              TECHNICAL DATA
 ECONOMIC                 RELEASE   PREVIOUS     CONSENSUS
 INDICATOR     PERIOD       DATE     ACTUAL       FORECAST
                                                                                                       

 Industrial    February    Mar. 17    -0.9%        +0.7%
   Production
                                                                                                       

 Capacity      February    Mar. 17    78.0%        78.5%
   Utilization
                                                                                                       

 Housing       February    Mar. 17    1.167         1.18
  Starts                             million      million
  (ann. rate)
                                                                                                       

 Trade         January     Mar. 19    $5.9         $5.5
  Deficit                            billion      billion
                                                                                                       

 Initial
   Jobless     Week to     Mar. 19   459,000      445,000
   Claims      Mar. 7
                                                                                                       

  Money        Week to     Mar. 19    +$1.5        +$2.4
  Supply: M1   Mar. 9                billion       billion
                                                                                                       

 Money         Week to     Mar. 19    +$1.9        +$3.0
  Supply: M2   Mar. 9                billion      billion
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

 Money         Week to     Mar. 19   +$12.4        +$8.0
  Supply: M3   Mar. 9                billion      billion
                                                                                                       

               Statistics Released Last Week
                                                                                                       

 Retail Sales                           $157.67 billion
   February                             +1.3%
                                                                                                       

 Product Price Index                    121.9
   February                             +0.2%
                                                                                                       

 Business Inventories                   $813.34 billion
   January                              -0.4%
                                                                                                       

   Source: Technical Data