Fidelity's Johnstone
   Resigns Top Position
   At London Affiliate
Richard Habermann, head of international research, will
take over Mr. Johnstone's duties.
   Mr. Johnstone, 50 years old, was based in London and found
"commuting" home to his family in the U.S. "something of an
inconvenience," the spokeswoman said. Mr. Johnstone couldn't
be reached for comment last night.
   His resignation comes 15 months after he was assigned to
oversee a cadre of money managers running about $11 billion
worth of funds. In the past, analysts say, Mr. Johnstone had
made a name for himself second only to Peter Lynch, who
retired in 1990 as head of Fidelity's Magellan Fund, the
nation's biggest mutual fund.
   "Bruce Johnstone is a very intelligent investor who had an
illustrious career until 1990," said Eric Kobren, a
newsletter publisher who follows Fidelity. "But 1990 was not
a great year for him. He has worked very hard in the field.
It could be that he wants now to slow down a little."
   Fidelity said Mr. Johnstone had requested the London-based
assignment, citing a need for new challenges. He had managed
the $4.1 billion Fidelity Equity-Income Fund, the company's
third largest, for 18 years. The once-sensational performance
of that fund began to decline in 1990.
   Under Mr. Johnstone, the Equity-Income fund had a return
of 1,109% vs 596% for the Standard  Poor's 500 between Dec.
31, 1971 to Aug. 31, 1990, a performance ranking it 18th
among the 229 funds in Lipper Analytical Services' "general
equity" fund category during the period.