AIG Earnings
   Increased 5%
   In 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Susan Pulliam
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Revenue for the quarter rose 3% to $4.50 billion from
$4.35 billion the year before. Business slowed at the
insurer, however, because of the slump, and net premiums fell
by $330 million as AIG cut back unprofitable lines. Despite
those efforts, AIG reported a slight loss of $12 million on
an underwriting basis for the quarter.
   For the year, AIG reported an 8% increase in earnings to
$1.55 billion, or $7.28 a share, from the year earlier $1.44
billion, or $6.92 a share. Revenue rose 8% to $16.88 billion.
   Separately, Transatlantic Holdings Inc., a reinsurance
company in which AIG holds a minority stake, showed an 8%
increase in net for the fourth quarter to $18.9 million, or
83 cents a share, compared to $17.5 million, or 76 cents a
share, last year.
   AIG's stock price rose in New York Stock Exchange trading
$1.375 a share to $87, mainly because some investors had
expected that continued price cutting among property casualty
insurers would hit the company's results harder than it did.
   AIG Chairman Maurice Greenberg said the company's
international operations and life insurance business helped
offset the affects of the slump. He said he expects the
industry downturn in the business to end soon, however. "I
don't see how the cycle can run much longer," he said in an
interview. "I wouldn't be surprised if a turn was imminent."
   Analysts said the rise in earnings was especially
encouraging since AIG posted $68 million in catastrophe
losses for the quarter, compared to none during the same
period last year. The company also added $287 million in
general reserves during the quarter, a step insurance
companies often forgo in order to show stronger earnings.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP Inc.'s property and casualty
net premiums written fell by $149 million in the fourth
quarter. The figure was incorrect in Friday's edition.
   (WSJ March 2, 1992)