NASD Firms
   And Individuals
   Are Disciplined
   ---
   Hawaii, California Concerns
   Expelled Among Moves
   By OTC Policing Unit
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Sacks Investment Co., Novato, Calif., and principal
Richard Lawrence Sacks were fined $100,000 jointly and
severally, the firm expelled and Mr. Sacks barred.
   He can reapply to become a broker after five years. The
NASD said the firm sold municipal securities without
registering with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board.
It also sold securities at unfair prices, the NASD said.
   V. P. Securities Inc., Island Heights, N.J., was expelled
and Nicholas Ferrara, a Ronkonkoma, N.Y., broker, was fined
$15,000 and barred. They didn't admit or deny allegations of
various violations.
   Investment Advisors Inc., Louisville, Ky., and principal
James Allen Brady were fined $10,000 jointly and severally
for failing to maintain required minimum net capital.
   Schonfeld Securities Inc., Great Neck, N.Y., and principal
Robert Lipsky, Bellmore, N.Y., were fined $10,000 jointly and
severally for failing to make a required special reserve bank
account deposit. They didn't admit or deny allegations.
Either the firms or individuals couldn't be reached or they
had no comment on the NASD actions.
   Individuals barred or suspended included:
   William K. Callahan, Elmira, N.Y., fined $10,000 and
barred (without admitting or denying charges); Chris Thomas
Christensen, Utica, Mich., suspended a year (without
admitting or denying charges); Robert W. Cole Jr., Lincoln,
R.I., fined $10,000 and barred (without admitting or denying
charges); Alfred W. Collier, Seymour, Ind., fined $5,000,
barred, and required to pay $1,000 in restitution to a
customer; Robert A. Costello, Germantown, Md., fined $20,000
and barred; Garry J. Daniels, Williamstown, Vt., fined
$200,000 and barred for allegedly misappropriating $135,000
in customer funds (without admitting or denying charges);
Robert W. Delorey, Waltham, Mass., fined $20,000 and barred;
and Marcelo H. DeRada, Wellesley, Mass., fined $50,000 and
barred.
   Also, Ayman Ahmed Difrawi, Groveland, Fla., fined $10,000,
suspended five days and ordered to pay $1,977 in restitution
to his firm; Michael B. Doyle, Medway, Mass., barred (without
admitting or denying charges); Stephen V. Duniec, Jamesville,
N.Y., fined $10,000 and barred (without admitting or denying
charges); John E. Elliott Jr., Metairie, La., fined $20,000
and barred (without admitting or denying charges); Joe T.
Emmons Jr., Mobile, Ala., fined $20,000 and barred; Peter M.
Fiore, Clifton Park, N.Y., fined $15,000 and barred (without
admitting or denying charges); and Donald A. Fredrick, North
Providence, R.I., fined $75,000 and barred for allegedly
misappropriating customer funds (without admitting or denying
charges).
   Also Russell R. Haden, Sandy, Utah, fined $25,000 and
barred; Jeffrey Haehle, Menomonee Falls, Wis., fined $10,000
and barred; Dennis R. Hargreaves, West Chicago, Ill., fined
$92,600 and barred, and required to make restitution to
customers; Steven T. Jackson, Columbus, Ohio, fined $20,000
and barred; Lawrence Ralph Kelner, Lakeland, Fla., and Glenn
Bruce Shane, Palm Harbor, Fla., each fined $7,500 and
suspended five business days; and Joseph P. Law, Hudson,
N.H., fined $20,000 and barred (without admitting or denying
charges).
   Also, Phillip Thomas McMillan Jr., Omaha, Neb., barred
(without admitting or denying charges); Hernando J. Mejia,
Baltimore, fined $50,000 and barred; Jeffrey M. Moran,
Jamestown, N.Y., fined $15,000 and barred (without admitting
or denying charges); Cecil G. Murdock, Birmingham, Ala.,
fined $30,000, barred, and required to pay $22,000 in
restitution to customers (without admitting or denying
charges); Robert Theodore Nelson, Seattle, and Paul Arthur
Wilbur, Everett, Wash., barred and Mr. Nelson fined $83,000.
The case has been appealed to the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
   Also Patrick W. O'Malley Jr., Little Rock, Ark., fined
$5,000 and suspended one week (without admitting or denying
charges); Thomas W. Patterson, Buffalo, N.Y., fined $50,000
and barred; Michael A. Previte, Niagara Falls, N.Y., fined
$10,000 and barred (without admitting or denying charges);
Edwin Anthony Ramos, New York City, fined $50,000 and barred;
Van Ridgeway, Buffalo, N.Y., fined $20,000 and barred
(without admitting or denying charges); Talmadge Roberts,
Washington, D.C., fined $5,000 and suspended one year;
Woodrow Sanders Jr., East Hartford, Conn., fined $20,000 and
barred; Floyd J. Sharpe Jr., Salt Point, N.Y., fined $20,000
and barred; and Kevin Michael Short, Pacific Palisades,
Calif., fined $10,000 and barred.
   Also Robert A. Singagliese, South River, N.J., fined
$30,000 and barred (without admitting or denying charges);
Kenneth Steven Soule, East Northport, N.Y., fined $20,000 and
barred; Paul J. Stock, Roscoe, N.Y., fined $10,000 and barred
(without admitting or denying charges); Hugh Randolph
Sylvester, Korb, Germany, fined $60,000, barred and required
to pay restitution; Michael E. Vogel, West Hampton, N.Y.,
fined $50,000, barred, and required to pay restitution;
Raymond Paul Whipp III, Santa Ana, Calif., fined $20,000 and
barred (without admitting or denying charges); Roger L.
Wilkins, Irvington, N.J., fined $20,000, barred, and required
to pay restituiton to public customers; Ralph John Yankee,
Grosse Pointe Park, Mich., fined $30,000, barred, and
required to make restitution; and Clifford Joseph Zimbler,
Chicago, fined $80,000, barred, and required to make $10,000
restitution to customers.
   Individuals fined included Camille Chafic Cotran, London,
England, $10,000 (without admitting or denying charges);
Calvin Glasco Heisler, Englewood, Colo., fined $48,581; and
Nizar A. Yaqub, Oakbrook, Ill., fined $10,000 (without
admitting or denying charges).