ATT Will Cut
   Manager Posts
   Of 2,000 Workers
   ----
   By John J. Keller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
An ATT spokeswoman said most of the job cuts will involve
transfers. The cuts are centered in the Chicago area, where
the company maintains a large manufacturing and development
center for the network gear used for sending and routing
calls. Among those targeted for elimination are software
developers at ATT Bell Laboratories, she said.
   ATT, which has cut more than 100,000 jobs from its work
force since its 1984 breakup, took a charge of $4.2 billion
in last year's third quarter, in part, to account for the
elimination of 14,000 jobs over the next two years. However,
this time the company expects to pay for the reduction out of
operating expenses, the spokeswoman said.
   The communications and computer giant recently was handed
a major defeat when Chicago-based Ameritech, one of the seven
regional Bell companies, awarded most of a $1.05 billion
network modernization project to ATT rivals Northern Telecom
Ltd. and Germany's Siemens. However, the spokeswoman said the
Ameritech order had nothing to do with the decision to cut
jobs at the division. "This is similar to what other
businesses in America are doing to make themselves more
competitive," she said.
   Typically, ATT gives an employee 60 days to find a job
elsewhere in the company. The spokeswoman noted that the
division announced plans to eliminate 187 jobs last year and
that 75% of the workers found other jobs at ATT.
"Historically, we place 75% to 80% of the people in other
jobs," she said, adding that those who leave will be offered
outplacement services, including counseling and retraining.