New Securities Issues
Bankers Trust Co. -- $200 million of bank notes, due Feb.
1, 1994, priced as 5 3/8% at 99.933 to yield 5.41%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 30 basis points
above the comparable Treasury issue. Rated double-A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters
Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Broad Inc. -- $100 million of senior debentures, due Feb.
1, 2012, priced as 9.95% at 99.141 to yield 10.05%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 225 basis points
over the yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated Baa-2 by
Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   GE Capital Corp. -- 80 million ECUs of notes, due Feb. 10,
1994, priced at par to yield 8.55%. Rated triple-A by Moody's
and SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co. GE Capital Corp. is a unit of General
Electric Co.
                                                                                                       

                       MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Texas -- $100 million of Series 1992 college-student loan
bonds won by a Lehman Brothers group. Lehman Brothers won the
issue with a true interest cost of 6.30% and set the yields
at 4.70% in 1995 to 6.65% in 2011. Moody's and SP have rated
the bonds double-A.
                                                                                                       

                     MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The offering,
Series Gold 1222, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8% mortgage
securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $400 million of Remic
securities offered by First Boston Corp. The offering, Series
Gold 1224, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8% mortgage
securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of Remic
securities offered by J.P. Morgan Securities. The offering,
Series Gold 1223, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8 1/2%
mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $255 million of notes, due Feb.
7, 1995, priced at par to yield 5.69%. The notes, which are
noncallable for one year, were priced at a spread of 17 basis
points above the Treasury's three-year note. The issue will
be sold through underwriters at Bear, Stearns  Co.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $167.5 million of notes, due
Feb. 7, 1997, priced at par to yield 6.65%. The notes, which
are noncallable for one year, were priced at a spread of 27
basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. The issue
will be sold through underwriters at Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $115 million of notes, due Feb.
5, 1999, priced at par to yield 7.19%. The notes, which are
noncallable for one year, were priced at a spread of 34 basis
points above the Treasury's seven-year note. The issue will
be sold through underwriters at Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette
Securities Corp.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $60 million of notes, due Feb.
7, 2002, priced at par to yield 7.54%. The notes, which are
noncallable for three years, were priced at a spread of 32
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. The issue
will be sold through First Boston Corp.
                                                                                                       

                        EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   AMR Corp. -- An issue of six million common shares priced
at $71.25 a share through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
The size of the issue was increased from five million shares.
   Immunomedics Inc. -- A public offering of two million
common shares priced at $14 a share offered by Allen  Co.,
Kemper Securities Group Inc. and SBCI Swiss Bank Corp.
   Genetic Therapy Inc. -- An issue of 1.5 million common
shares priced at $15 a share through underwriters led by
Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Scotts Co. -- An initial public offering of 12.5 million
Class A common shares priced at $19 a share through
underwriters led by Goldman Sachs. The size of the issue was
increased from 10.5 million shares.
                                                                                                       

                       EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   European Investment Bank (Supranational) -- Three billion
French francs of 8 1/2% Eurobonds due Feb. 20, 2002, at
initial fixed offer price of 99.12 via Credit Commercial de
France. Yield 0.22 points above the yields on comparable
French Treasurys. Fees 0.325.
   Enterprise Oil PLC (U.K.) -- #100 million of 10 5/8%
Eurobonds due Dec. 30, 1996, at issue price 101.08 via S.G.
Warburg Securities. Offered to investors initially at a fixed
price of 99.58 to yield 10.464%, a margin of 0.95 points
above the semiannual yield on U.K. Treasury's 10% securities
due 1996. Fees 1 7/8.
   Britania Building Society (U.K.) -- #100 million of 10
1/2% Eurobonds due March 2, 2000, at issue and initial fixed
offer price of 98.55 via UBS Phillips  Drew Securities. At
initial offer price bonds yield 1.15 points above the
semiannual yield on U.K. Treasury's 9% securities due 2000.
Fees 0.40.
   Guaranteed Export Finance Corp. (U.K.) -- #100 million of
11 1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 14, 1994, at issue and fixed
initial offer price of 102.21 via Baring Brothers  Co. Issue
will trade interchangeably with existing #250 million of
bonds originally sold in January. Yield margin at initial
offer price 0.24 points above the comparable gilt. Guarantor
U.K. government. Fees not disclosed.
   British Gas International Finance N.V. (U.K. parent) --
150 million ECU issue of 8 3/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 13, 1997,
at issue price 101.325 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd.
Offered to investors intially at a fixed price of 99.70 to
yield 8.45%. Guarantor British Gas PLC. Fees 1 7/8.
   Inter-American Development Bank (Supranational) -- $400
million of 6 3/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 14, 1997, at issue price
101.51 via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Offered initially
at a fixed price of 99.885 to yield 6.667% (annual), yield
spread 0.28 point above comparable Treasury. Fees 1 7/8.
   Toyota Motor Credit Corp. (Japan) -- 125 million Canadian
dollars of 8% Eurobonds due Dec. 28, 1995, at issue price
100.55 via Wood Gundy Inc. Offered to investors initially at
a fixed price of 99.15 to yield 8.285%, a margin of 0.35
above the comparable Canadian government bond yield. Fees 1
5/8.
   Kredietbank International N.V. (Curacao, Netherlands
Antilles) (Belgium parent) -- 150 billion lire of 11.60%
Eurobonds due Feb. 28, 1996, at issue price 101.60 via Banca
Nazionale del Lavoro. Guarantor Kredietbank N.V. Fees 1 5/8.
   State Bank of New South Wales (Australia) -- 100 million
Australian dollars of 10 3/4% Eurobonds due March 12, 2002,
at issue price 99.85 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd.
Guarantor State of New South Wales. Fees 2 1/8.
   Daiko Denshi Tsushi (Japan) -- 55 million Swiss francs of
privately placed notes due Feb. 27, 1996, with
equity-purchase warrants, fixing 4 1/8% coupon at par via
Daiwa Securities Bank. Guarantee by Mitsubishi Bank. Exercise
period of warrants March 12, 1992, to Feb. 13, 1996. Terms
fixed Feb. 6. Fees 1 5/8.