Ameritech Reports
   4th-Quarter Net
   Declined by 31%
   ----
   By Mary Lu Carnevale
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The latest quarter's results included charges of $141
million, or 53 cents a share, for work-force reductions, the
write-down of certain assets and intangibles and other
one-time charges in unregulated businesses. Over the past
year, Ameritech's Bell phone companies have eliminated 3,050
positions. Revenue for the quarter rose 1.8% to $2.74 billion
from $2.69 billion.
   The fourth-quarter performances of both Ameritech and
Pacific Telesis Group, San Franciso, which disclosed results
on Monday, signal that the economy and the phone industry
have hit bottom and may be on the way up. Both companies
reported modest increases in the number of phone lines in
service and a rise in the use of their phone networks, along
with strong growth in cellular service. Also, results show
that cost-cutting efforts have begun to pay off.
   "The economy is not sliding any deeper into recession,"
said Robert Morris, an analyst with Goldman Sachs  Co. "On
the revenue side, the companies are performing as expected,
but they are reaping current benefits by turning the screws
on cost cutting." The lingering question, he said, is how
long the benefits can be sustained.
   "We're starting to see the early stages of some cyclical
upturn," said Frank Governali, telecommunications analyst
with First Boston Corp. "Everyone has assumed that the phone
industry will lag the upturn, but it may be more cyclical
than we figured."
   Ameritech's cellular business remains robust. The company
reported that the number of cellular subscribers jumped 48%
to 483,000 over the year. Meantime, the number of customer
phone lines rose 1.9% to 16.6 million.
   For the year, Ameritech's net income dropped 7% to $1.17
billion, or $4.39 a share, from $1.25 billion, or $4.73 a
share, in 1990. Results for 1991 included the restructuring
charges and an after-tax gain of $73.6 million from the
inital public offering of Telecom Corp. of New Zealand
shares. Without the one-time items, earnings slipped 1.7% to
$1.23 billion, from $1.25 billion in 1990. Revenue edged up
1.5% to $10.82 billion, from $10.66 billion.