OTC Focus:
   Nasdaq Index Falls 0.9% on Weakness
   In Recent Favorites; Microsoft Is Weak
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"Some of the flyers that took the market up {Wednesday}
were reversing themselves, but I think the majority of stocks
were giving up ground very begrudgingly," said Len Hefter,
head of Jefferies  Co.'s OTC desk in Dallas.
   Although prominent issues sank -- including Microsoft,
which lost 3 1/4 to 122 1/2, and Amgen, which eased 1 3/8 to
66 3/4 -- the number of declining issues led the advancers by
a relatively mild 1,222 to 989.
   Trading activity, meanwhile, intensified. National Market
System volume totaled 214,940,000 shares, up from 208,820,000
Wednesday.
   Modest morning losses mounted after midday as New York
Stock Exchange issues tumbled in reaction to a sell-off in
the bond market. Long-term government bonds fell 1 1/8,
pushing yields up to 7.9%, as the market absorbed new 30-year
bonds auctioned by the Treasury yesterday.
   "There seems to be some uncertainty about the {stock
market in general," said William Sulya, head of OTC trading
at A.G. Edwards  Sons. But even with this nervousness, he
said buyers quickly reemerged for some of the smaller OTC
stocks yesterday afternoon, helping to pull the market off
its lows.
   Cray Computer was the most active Nasdaq stock, dropping 1
to 6 1/4 on volume of 6.5 million shares. It lost 1 7/8
Wednesday after the company said it would seek a partner to
help it sell smaller versions of its Cray-3 supercomputer.
The sole customer for a large-scale version of the machine
withdrew purchase plans in December.
   LIN Broadcasting fell 4 to 76 after it reported a
fourth-quarter deficit of 73 cents a share, compared with a
loss of $1.06 a share a year earlier. McCaw Cellular eased 1
1/2 to 34. The company recorded a fourth-quarter loss of 71
cents a share, compared with a year-ago loss of 86 cents a
share. McCaw owns 52% of LIN.
   Informix jumped 6 1/2 to 32 1/2 after the software
developer reported fourth-quarter net income of $8.3 million,
or 55 cents a share, reversing a year-ago loss of $10.6
million, or 81 cents a share. It recorded a $6.1 million
restructuring charge in the year-ago period.
   Westmark International jumped 7 3/8 to 62 1/8 after rising
3 1/4 Wednesday. After the close a day earlier, it disclosed
improved fourth-quarter earnings and plans to divide the
company into two publicly traded entities -- one made up of
its diagnostic ultrasound business and the other containing
its patient-monitoring business.
   The Seattle company recorded net from operations of 85
cents a share for the quarter, up from net income of 39 cents
a share a year ago. Revenue rose to $144.6 million from $122
million.
   Compression Labs gained 1/2 to 26 1/8 despite the
company's report that had a fourth-quarter loss of $17.7
million, or $1.62 a share, compared with year-ago net of $1.2
million, or 13 cents a share. The latest quarter, however,
included a charge of $18.9 million recorded, in part, to
reflect a product restructuring. Excluding the charge, it
earned nine cents a share in the latest quarter, in line with
analysts' expectations, as reported by First Call.
   TNT Freightways, a new issue, closed at 20 on heavy volume
of 4.8 million shares. The trucking concern, a unit of
Australia's TNT Ltd., was the subject of a 12.5 million-share
initial public offering, priced at $19.50 a share.
   Among other initial public offerings, Buttrey Food  Drug
Stores closed at 20, down from its $21-a-share pricing level,
and Roper Industries finished at 16 3/8, above its $15
offering price. Buttrey, a Great Falls, Mont., retailer, had
an offering of three million shares. Roper, a Commerce, Ga.,
industrial products maker, had a 2.5 million-share issue.
   RasterOps jumped 1 7/8 to 17 7/8 after Robertson Stephens
 Co. analyst Peter Rogers repeated a "purchase"
recommendation on the stock, Dow Jones Professional Investor
Report said. The analyst said recently released products
enhance the company's prospects.
   Vidmark lost 1 to 6 after the motion picture distributor
reported flat second-quarter earnings.
   Conmed Corp. fell 2 1/4 to 36 1/2 despite its report that
fourth-quarter earnings rose to 28 cents a share, from 21
cents a year ago. The latest quarter's net income was in line
with the forecast of one analyst surveyed by Zacks Investment
Research.
   Magainin Pharmaceuticals lost 1 1/8 to 10 5/8. On
Wednesday, the company reported a loss of 31 cents a share
for its second quarter, ended in December, wider than the
26-cent-a-share deficit it had in the year-ago period.
   Mesa Airlines rose 1 3/4 to 22. Wednesday, it posted net
of 30 cents a share for its first quarter, ended in December,
up from 19 cents a share a year ago. Shearson Lehman Brothers
analyst Helane Becker initiated coverage of the Farmington,
N.M., airline with a "buy" rating on its shares, Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said.