RTC Amends Suit
   Against Directors
   Of Southwest SL
The suits are among a barrage expected from the Resolution
Trust Corp., as a three-year statute of limitations closes in
on lawsuits against directors, officers and professionals
such as accountants and lawyers in failed SLs. Hundreds of
thrifts were seized in early 1989, when President Bush
announced his plan to restructure the loss-ridden industry.
   The number of RTC suits in litigation will grow to about
300 in a few months from the current 111, agency lawyers say.
Investigations at another 180 SLs have been closed without
the government's filing suit. The government files a lawsuit
only if it feels it has a better-than-even chance of winning
and if it is likely to recover lost funds. The SL mess
ultimately is likely to cost $230 billion -- not including
hundreds of billions in interest costs.
   In the original suit, the RTC alleged neglect and a
conflict of interest by Gov. Symington, a real estate
developer, in the thrift's investment in a hotel and shopping
complex in downtown Phoenix. The amended suit adds that he
failed to fully inform other members of the Southwest board
about the extent of his interest in the venture.
   Southwest failed in 1989 at a cost of more than $900
million. Gov. Symington, who has denied charges that the
board was reckless in Southwest, will defend his record at a
congressional hearing Thursday. Efforts to reach Mr. Ludwig
were unsuccessful.
   The agency also filed suit against a federal judge, Floyd
Gibson, senior judge in the Eighth U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals in Kansas City, Mo., alleging that he acted
improperly in his role as an honorary member of the board of
failed Blue Valley Savings Association of Kansas City. Judge
Gibson couldn't be reached for comment.