Who's News:
   Kerridge of Fisons
   Resigns Top Posts
   For Health Reasons
The company picked Patrick Egan, a 61-year-old outside
director who has served on Fisons's board since 1985 as
interim chairman. Mr. Egan is a former executive and current
director of consumer goods giant Unilever PLC. He plans to
retire from Unilever's board in May, and subsequently "will
spend nearly all his time and effort with the Fisons group,"
according to the spokesman.
   Yesterday, the Fisons board insisted there had been "no
pressure on Mr. Kerridge {to step down}." That comment
appeared an allusion to problems that have dogged Fisons in
recent months. Sales of Fisons eye products were suspended in
the U.S., and last month the company unexpectedly slashed its
1991 profit forecast.
   Yesterday, Fisons shares rose to 365 pence ($6.56)from 354
pence. Analysts attributed the market reaction to renewed
speculation about a possible takeover bid for Fisons or at
least a possible strategic alliance. Mr. Kerridge was well
known for his defense of Fisons's independence.
   Many analysts expect the incoming chief executive to
streamline the company. One option would be to shed the
scientific equipment and horticulture divisions -- and use
proceeds to expand the pharmaceuticals unit through
acquisitions.
   The company said it's looking both inside and outside the
company for a candidate for permanent chairman.