Marketing  Media:
   Times Mirror Posts
   $13 Million Loss
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Richard Turner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Times
Mirror shares were quoted at $35.625, up $1.625.
   Revenue increased 2% to $975.8 million from $956.5
million. For the full year, revenue declined to $3.62 billion
from $3.63 billion. For the year, net declined 55% to $82
million, or 64 cents a share, from $180.5 million, or $1.40 a
share, in 1990.
   In a statement, Times Mirror Chairman Robert F. Erburu
said total advertising revenue decreased 7.9% in 1991. But
revenue from book, magazine and other publishing picked up
the slack by rising 6.8% for the year, while cable television
revenue rose 8.8%. Mr. Erburu added, "We continued to make
significant reductions in our cost base."
   Although newspaper publishing operating profit for the
quarter plunged 75.3% to $9.2 million from $37.2 million,
including the restructuring charges, which resulted from
efforts to shrink the staffs of the Los Angeles Times and the
Baltimore Sun, Mr. Erburu said newspaper circulation revenue
was up. "Our circulation growth indicates that we are
continuing to gain new readers and enhance our position in
the key markets of Southern California and New York," he
said. "Additionally, as a result of strong cost control
measures, we expect the operating performance of this segment
to improve significantly under more favorable economic
conditions."