What's News --
   Business and Finance
Big retailers are generally expected to report today that
their De cember sales barely exceeded the very weak levels of
a year earlier. But discount stores and sellers of moderately
priced basic apparel are expected to post better results.
   ---
   The manufacturing sector shrank in December after
expanding for six months, a survey of purchasing managers
indicated. Separately, new claims for unemployment benefits
fell for the second consecutive week. Construction spending
slipped 0.8% in November in a further deterioration.
   ---
   Stocks rebounded from early declines to finish mixed in
heavy trading, while bond prices tumbled. The Dow Jones
industrials closed at 3172.41, up 3.58 points, after being
off 30 points. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite indexes also
edged up, but more Big Board issues fell than rose.
                                                                                                       

   Many money managers say the stock rally's pace will slow
but they are convinced the surging market is performing its
role as a leading economic indicator. But others are selling
equities while the market appears expensive by traditional
measures.
   ---
   More than 100 companies have filed plans to sell stock to
the public for the first time, promising an unusually heavy
volume of initial offerings for January and February,
normally slow months for such activity.
   ---
   Money-market fund assets sank by record amounts in the
latest week as yields continued to drop, reaching the lowest
levels since the early 1970s.
   ---
   Money manager Steven Wymer was charged in a 30-count
indictment with "orchestrating a massive fraud scheme" that
cost several government bodies more than $100 million.
   ---
   United Telecom agreed to buy GTE's remaining 19.9% stake
in US Sprint for $530 million, giving United all of the
long-distance carrier and ending a contentious partnership.
   ---
   Petroleum prices rose in the wake of a report showing a
further shrinking in U.S. crude oil inventories. In U.S.
trading, crude futures increased 37 cents a barrel to settle
at $19.49.
   ---
   The Bush administration decided to urge the Supreme Court
to broaden constitutional restrictions on health, safety and
environmental regulation.
   ---
   Frankfurt stock prices rallied, sending the DAX index up
23.90 points, or 1.5%, to close at 1601.88. London share
prices finished mixed after surging early in the day.
   ---
   The SEC named Walter Schuetze, a partner at KPMG Peat
Marwick, to be the agency's chief accountant. He said he
favors simplifying accounting rules and forcing financial
companies to report current values of assets.
   ---
   ConAgra bought Arrow Industries, a maker of private-label
supermarket products, for $185.7 million in stock.
   ---
   American Home Products reached an agreement with Oncogene
Science to develop gene-based drugs to fight diabetes,
asthma, osteoporosis and disorders of the immune system.
   ---
   New construction contracts fell 4% in November as the
commercial building business declined sharply.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 203,600,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3172.41, up 3.58; transportation 1342.12, off 15.88;
utilities 224.46, off 1.69.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4323.72, off 28.16.
   Commodities: Oil $19.49 a barrel, up 37 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 120.17, up 0.03; spot index 109.66, off 0.13.
   Dollar: 124.45 yen, off 0.40; 1.5310 marks, up 0.0140.