Zale May Seek Delay
   On Chapter 11 Filings
   Made by Bondholders
The bondholder group filed the petitions New Year's Day
after the company missed a $52 million interest payment on
its debt. Zale called the filing "misguided," saying its
creditors would be better off if it could restructure outside
of bankruptcy court.
   In a hearing yesterday, Harvey Miller, lawyer for Zale,
said the company met with its bank, bond and trade creditors
last week and will meet with them again in the next few days
before it decides its strategy. "We will have to go forward
together or we will have to go into Chapter 11," he said,
adding later, "if it appears we're not going anywhere," the
company will probably consent to the filings against Zale
Corp. and Zale Credit Corp. and file a bankruptcy petition
for its Gordon Jewelry Corp. unit.
   Zale, jointly owned by Peoples Jewellers Ltd., Toronto,
and Swarovski International AG of Switzerland, owes a total
of about $1.5 billion to its creditors, including about $900
million in publicly traded debt, about $300 million in trade
debt and about $300 million in bank debt, only $60 million of
which is secured.
   Heavy with debt from the 1986 leveraged buy-out and the
1989 Gordon acquisition and reeling from two bad Christmas
selling seasons, the company said last month that it was
halting all payments to creditors and suppliers. "This is a
company that needs a drastic capital restructuring and an
operations restructuring," Mr. Miller told the court.