Total and Tractebel
   In Talks to Acquire
   Stake in Noverco Inc.
Mr. Deroux said from Brussels that the Total-Tractebel
joint venture wants to buy 50% of Noverco. However, the two
Quebec agencies have said previously that they want to retain
51% of Noverco. Mr. Deroux said that Total and Tractebel
aren't interested in buying a 49% stake. "To be a minority
49% owner is an uncomfortable position," Mr. Deroux said. If
the Total-Tractebel venture can't buy 50% of Noverco, it
would be interested in buying a maximum 20% minority stake,
he added.
   Mr. Deroux said Total and Tractebel have informed the
Quebec agencies of their position and "the ball is now in the
{agencies'} court." Mr. Deroux added that Total and Tractebel
formed the joint venture to acquire a stake in Noverco, but
are also looking at other possible investments together. He
declined to elaborate.
   Last July, Caisse de depot et placement, the Quebec
government's pension-fund agency, and SOQUIP, another Quebec
agency, bought the 50% of Noverco they didn't already own for
about 294 million Canadian dollars (US$247 million). They
bought the additional 50% stake from their then-partner in
Noverco, Quebec steelmaker Canam Manac Group Inc., under the
terms of a shareholders' agreement. The two agencies have
been looking for a buyer for as much as 49% of Noverco ever
since.
   The Caisse de depot et placement spokeswoman declined to
comment on the details of Total-Tractebel talks. She wouldn't
say if the Quebec agencies want to keep at least 51% of
Noverco or if the agencies are in talks with other potential
buyers.