International:
   Buyer Group
   In Mexico Drops
   Bid for Somex
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The Mexican Treasury Department said the group withdrew
because some members "had expressed doubts about the
reasonableness of the bid presented, considering the current
conditions of the market."
   The investment group, headed by Eduardo Creel Cobian,
Vicente Ariztegui Andreve and Eduardo Alejandro Castillo, had
offered nearly $250 million more for Banco Somex than the
second-highest bidder. The Creel-Ariztegui-Castillo group's
bid, which was for 82% of Somex, was more than four and a
half times book value. The auction price represented the
highest premium yet in the privatization effort, as measured
by a multiple of book value.
   Following the withdrawal of the group, the federal Banking
Disincorporation Committee awarded the bank to the
second-highest bidder in the March 1 contest, Grupo
Invermexico, represented by well-known financiers Carlos
Gomez y Gomez, Manuel Somoza Alonso and Antonio Franck
Cabrera. These men had been bidding for banks in the past.
   Invermexico has promised to pay $615 million in return for
80.62% of the bank's capital shares. The Invermexico bid is
4.15 times the bank's book value.
   Another 17.5% of the bank is expected to be sold to the
bank's new directors. The remaining shares have been trading
on the Mexican stock market.
   Somex, with about $5 billion in assets, is Mexico's sixth
largest bank, according to the government.