World Markets:
   Equities Have Mixed Sessions in Tokyo,
   End Flat in London, Ease in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Jurnal News Roundup
On Monday, the Nikkei index rose 181.48 points to close
the morning session at 21520.29.
   Friday's first-section volume was estimated at 180 million
shares, down from 221.7 million shares Thursday. Gainers only
just topped losers, 467-466, and 185 issues were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which gained 1.64 points Thursday,
edged up 0.84 point to 1554.49.
   Buying by individual investors dominated Friday's trading,
as institutional investors have become increasingly inactive
with their fiscal year end only a month away. The Tokyo
market lacked any incentives to move stocks up or down, and a
wait-and-see mood damped activity ahead of the weekend.
Investors this week are expected to focus on Friday's report
by the Bank of Japan on its quarterly survey of business
sentiment; though the central bank has been denying the need
for another discount rate cut, market participants were
speculating that recent clear indications of an economic
slowdown might push the central bank to ease credit after
issuance of the quarterly report.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index inched up 0.1 point to 2562.1, or three points off the
intraday high. The FT 30-stock index fell 3.7 points to
1983.0. Volume shrank to 449.7 million shares from 606.2
million shares a day earlier.
   Trading was disrupted by a bomb explosion in a London
train station, keeping most market participants away from
their offices. Those that did participate Friday were
analyzing last week's corporate earnings reports, many of
them disappointing, and were anticipating more results this
week, as well as next week's new British government budget.
The market also was depressed by last week's data on
Britain's January trade, which showed the biggest monthly
deficit in a year. A good opening performance Friday on Wall
Street didn't inject any fresh liquidity into London
equities.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index, which had gained
more than 30 points earlier in the week, lost 4.77 points to
1745.13. Twenty of the DAX stocks fell and eight rose. Auto,
steel and chemical issues weakened, but banking stocks bucked
the trend and posted advances.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Milan stocks fell, after a late
rebound failed to make up early losses when sellers looked
for cash to make Friday's payment deadline for the February
trading account. In Madrid, after sliding almost 1%, prices
closed with strong gains after volatile trading, spurred by
optimism about fresh interest-rate cuts and by Wall Street's
bright start. Stockholm equities staged a late rally on
optimism about lower Swedish interest rates. Brussels stocks
gained on buying by domestic and foreign institutions.
   In Zurich, Swiss bank shares rose after Union Bank of
Switzerland surprised financial markets with a record profit
of 1.2 billion Swiss francs ($810 million) for 1991, up 36%
from a lackluster 1990. The bank also proposed a 1-for-5
share split effective July 1. UBS shares gained 3.6% to close
at 3,990 francs.
   Stocks were mixed overall on the big Asian and Pacific
exchanges. Sydney shares fell in the wake of the Australian
government's economic statements last week, because few
immediate gains were seen for companies, and recent stock
issues were absorbing funds, reducing the amount of new money
entering the market. Hong Kong equities managed a moderate
rise, despite some profit-taking, as investors continued to
be buoyed by Thursday's record-setting gain; volume shot up,
largely from the inflow of U.S. institutional funds' money,
as U.S.-Sino trade issues seemed resolved. In Manila, after
gains last week, shares fell on profit-taking. Seoul stock
prices tumbled on news reports on a South Korean government
mandate that major companies report consolidated financial
statements linking the balance sheets of the parent firm and
its subsidiaries, effective April 1; this rule will put
balance sheets in a poorer light. South Korean shares'
declines also accelerated after the finance minister said he
planned to curb excessive expansion of business lines by
large companies.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                   Feb 27    Feb 26    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ............................  387.2     388.5   - 0.8
 Britain .........................  761.5     763.2   + 3.3
 Canada...........................  405.1     404.7   + 2.4
 Japan ...........................  891.9     892.1   - 9.9
 France ..........................  558.2     557.7  + 11.6
 Germany .........................  269.4     267.6  + 10.7
 Hong Kong ....................... 3604.2    3529.4  + 16.4
 Switzerland .....................  225.1     224.7   + 9.8
 Australia .......................  346.8     350.0   - 1.3
 World index .....................  515.0     513.3   - 3.8