New Securities Issues
American Telephone  Telegraph Co. -- $1 billion, two-part
offering of debt securities priced through underwriters led
by Lehman Brothers Inc. The first part, which consists of
$500 million of notes, due Jan. 15, 2002, was priced as 7
1/8% at 98.912 to yield 7.28%. The noncallable notes were
priced at a spread of 50 basis points above the Treasury's
10-year note. The second part, which consists of $500 million
of debentures, due Jan. 15, 2022, was priced as 8 1/8% at
98.292 to yield 8.28%. The debentures, which are noncallable
for 10 years, were priced at a spread of 85 basis points
above the Treasury's 30-year bond. The issue is rated
double-A-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-A by
Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Du Pont Co. -- $400 million of debentures, due Jan. 15,
2022, priced as 8 1/4% at 99.636 to yield 8.283%. The
debentures, which are noncallable for 10 years, were priced
at a spread of 85 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year
bond. Rated double-A-2 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
double-A by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   Commercial Credit Co. -- $200 million of notes, due Jan.
15, 1997, priced as 6 3/4% at 99.981 to yield 6.755%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 83 basis points
above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated single-A-2 by
Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
   Bankers Trust (Delaware) -- $200 million of bank notes,
due Jan. 14, 1993, priced as 4% initially at 99.879 to yield
4.125%. The noncallable notes will be reoffered at various
prices. Rated double-A-2 by Moody's and double-A by SP, the
issue will be sold through Kidder, Peabody  Co. Bankers
Trust (Delaware) is a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York
Corp.
   Xerox Credit Corp. -- $200 million of notes, due Jan. 15,
1996, priced as 6 1/4% at 99.571 to yield 6.373%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 90 basis points
above the average yields on the Treasury's three and
five-year notes. Rated single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A by
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Goldman, Sachs  Co. Xerox Credit is a unit of Xerox Corp.
   International Lease Finance Corp. -- $150 million of
notes, due Jan. 15, 1995, won in competitive bidding by
Goldman Sachs and priced as 6% at 99.80 to yield 6.074%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 104 basis points
above the Treasury's three-year note. The issue is rated
single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
   Kmart Corp. -- $100 million of debentures, due Jan. 1,
2022, priced as 8 1/4% at 99.12 to yield 8.33%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 90 basis
points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Broad Inc. -- $100 million of senior notes, due Jan. 15,
1999, priced at par to yield 9%. The noncallable notes were
priced at a spread of 256 basis points above the Treasury's
when-issued seven-year note. Rated Baa-2 by Moody's and
single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch
 Co.
   W.R. Berkley Corp. -- $100 million of debentures, due Jan.
1, 2022, priced as 8.70% at 99.676 to yield 8.73%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 130 basis
points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated single-A-3 by
Moody's and double-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   United Illuminating Co. -- $100 million, two-part issue of
notes was priced. The first part, consisting of $50 million
of notes, due Jan. 15, 1995, was priced as 6% at 99.81 to
yield 6.07%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of
105 basis points over the yield on the Treasury's three-year
note. The second part, consisting of $50 million of notes,
due Jan. 15, 1997, was priced as 7% at 99.75 to yield 7.06%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 110 basis
points over the yield on the Treasury's five-year note. Rated
Baa-3 by Moody's and triple-B-minus by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
                                                                                                       

                          MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Nebraska Public Power District -- $138.6 million of
electric system revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, due Jan. 1,
1993-2003, 2006, 2012 and 2022, priced by a First Boston
Corp. group to yield from 3.70% in 1993 to 6.38% in 2022.
Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.70%
in 1993 to 5.85% in 2003. There are $26.4 million term bonds
priced as 6% at 98.60 to yield 6.15% in 2006. There are $13.9
million term bonds priced as 6.25% at 99.10 to yield 6.33% in
2012. There are $37.2 million term bonds priced as 6.25% at
98.27 to yield 6.38% in 2022. The bonds are rated single-A-1
by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
   Connecticut -- $105 million of clean water fund revenue
bonds, 1992 Series, due Feb. 1 and Aug. 1, 1994-2005 and
2012, tentatively priced by a Lazard Freres  Co. group to
yield from 4.40% in 1994 to 6.35% in 2012. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 4.40% in 1994 to 6.05%
in 2005. There are $41.5 million term bonds priced as 6.20%
at 98.31 to yield 6.35% in 2012. The bonds are rated double-A
by both Moody's and SP.
   Allegany Health System, Florida -- $63 million of health
system revenue bonds, (Hillsborough County Industrial
Development Authority and St. Petersburg Health Facilities
Authority issue), due Dec. 1, 1992-2002, 2007, 2012 and 2021,
tentatively priced by a John Nuveen  Co. group to yield from
3.50% in 1992 to 6.42% in 2012. The offering consists of
$34.5 million Hillsborough County Industrial Development
Authority bonds and $28.54 million St. Petersburg Health
Facilities Authority bonds. Current interest serial bonds are
priced to yield from 3.50% in 1992 to 5.85% in 2002. The
Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority issue
also consists the following: There are $4.5 million term
bonds priced as 6% at 97.50 to yield 6.25% in 2007; $6.2
million term bonds priced as 6.38% at 99 1/2 to yield 6.42%
in 2012; and $17.6 million term bonds priced as 5.75% at
91.51 to yield 6.39% in 2021. The St. Petersburg Health
Facilities Authority issue also consists of the following:
There are $3.7 million bonds priced as 6% at 97.50 to yield
6.25% in 2007; $5.1 million term bonds priced as 6.38% at 99
1/2 to yield 6.42% in 2012; and $14.5 million term bonds
priced as 5.75% at 91.51 to yield 6.39% in 2021. The bonds
are insured by MBIA Corp. and are rated triple-A by both
Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                        MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Goldman Sachs. The offering, Series 1992-G12, is backed by
Government National Mortgage Association 10% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                           EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Province of Ontario (Canada) -- $1 billion of 7% Eurobonds
due Jan. 27, 1999, at issue price 100.862 via lead
underwriter Merrill Lynch International Ltd. Offered to
investors initially at a fixed price of 99.287 to yield 7.13%
(annual), a margin of 0.56 points above the when-issued
seven-year Treasury. Fees 1 7/8.
   Toyota Motor Credit Corp. (Japanese parent) -- $250
million of 6 1/2% Eurobonds due Feb. 4, 1997, at issue price
101.575 via J.P. Morgan Securities. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99.95 to yield 6.51% (annual),
a margin of 0.42 points above the comparable U.S. Treasury.
Fees 1 7/8.
   Council of Europe Resettlement Fund (Agency) -- 500
million ECUs of 9% Eurobonds due Nov. 14, 2001, at issue
price 103.00 via Goldman Sachs International. Offered to
investors initially at fixed price of 103.00 to yield 8.53%.
The issue will trade interchangeably with an existing 500
million ECU with identical terms. Fees 0.325.
   General Electric Capital Corp. (U.S. parent) -- 150
million ECUs of 9% Eurobonds due Jan. 28, 1994 at issue price
100.80 via IBJ International Ltd. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed offer price of 99.825 to yield 9.10%
(annual). Fees 1 1/8.
   Banco di Roma (London Branch) (Italy) -- 200 million ECUs
of floating rate depositary receipts due April 1997 via
Merrill Lynch International. Notes pay 1/4 point above London
interbank offered rate. The first interest coupon payable
April 1992, coupons paid semiannually thereafter. Fees 0.28.
   European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (Agency)
-- 50 million Swiss francs of 8% promissory notes due Feb. 4,
1994, priced at 102.20 via Swiss Volksbank. Fees undisclosed.
   Skandia Capital A.B. (Swedish parent) -- 100 million Swiss
francs of 7% public bonds due Feb. 5, 1997, priced at 101.75
via Union Bank of Switzerland. Guarantee by Skandia Group
Insurance Co., Sweden. Fees 2 1/8.
   Bayerische Hypotheken  Wechselbank AG (Germany) -- #125
million of 10 1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 6, 1997, at issue price
100.475 via Lehman Brothers International. Offered to
investors intitially at a fixed price of 98.90 to yield
10.54%, a margin of 0.50 points above the U.K. government's
10 1/2% gilt due 1997. Fees 1 7/8.
   Bradford  Bingley Building Society (U.K.) -- #100 million
of floating rate notes due January 1995 at issue price par
via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Notes pay interest at 1/4
point above London interbank offered rate and are offered to
investors initially at 99.76. Fees 0.34.
   Republic of Austria (Sovereign) -- 500 million marks of 8%
bonds due Jan. 30, 2002, at 100 1/2 via Commerzbank AG. Fees
2 1/2. Also, five million marks of warrants entitling holders
to buy bonds by the same issuer and with the same terms at
100 1/4. Warrant price 3.35 marks; exercisable on Jan. 30,
1994, 1995 and 1996. Fee 0.50 point.
   Fiat Finance  Trade Limited (Italian parent) -- 200
million marks of 8 3/4% bonds due Feb. 6, 1997, at 101.70 via
Deutsche Bank AG. Guaranteed by IHF Holding. Fees two points.
   Showa Aluminum Corp. (Japanese parent) -- 130 million
marks of bonds with equity-purchase warrants, a 5 1/8% coupon
due Jan. 23, 1996, and at par via Nomura Bank (Deutschland)
G.m.b.H. Guaranteed by Fuji Bank Ltd. Warrants exercisable
from Feb. 6, 1992, to Jan. 9, 1996. Fixing Jan. 13. Fees 2
1/4.
   Credit Foncier de France (France) -- 500 million francs of
Eurobonds due Feb. 4, 2000, with redemption linked to the
CAC-40 share index, via Banque Paribas and Banque Nationale
de Paris. The zero-coupon bonds have redemption linked to the
CAC index by a formula which locks in the value of the index
as it rises. Over the life of the bonds, the minimum
redemption rises on a scale from 25% above the strike price
of the index to 150%. No maximum value. Pricing on Jan. 14.
Issue price is par. Fees 2.