Private Placements of Securities Shrank
   In 1991; Foreigners Had Record Share
   ----
   By Robert J. Brennan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The 1992 outlook is better, according to IDD, which tracks
corporate finance transactions in the U.S. Private placements
should increase this year, IDD said, fueled by middle-market
companies in need of new financing and the increasing
attractiveness of U.S. capital markets to foreign issuers.
That attractiveness has been helped by relaxed registration
requirements for private sales by issuers to large
institutional holders.
   IDD said placements were off 13% last year, to a total of
$112.2 billion, although that was less than the 22% decline
of 1990, to $128.6 billion. A rebound in the second half of
1991 helped mitigate the deteriorating pace of the first
half, when placements were off 20%.
   A year ago, the decline was the first in more than a
decade and disappointed many Wall Street executives who
expected the eased regulations to provide some relief from a
downturn in other areas of the securities business. But the
easing wasn't enough to offset the general demise of the
junk-bond market and little acquisition-related financing.
The 1991 figures confirm analysts' view last year that the
private-placement market will take some time to grow.
   Foreign issuers' more than 19% share of the market was up
from 17% in 1990, although the dollar volume was about the
same, at $21.8 billion. The relative strength of foreign
issues in the private market is largely attributable to Rule
144a of the Securities and Exchange Commission. A third of
all financings last year involving a foreign issuer were done
as transactions under the SEC rule, IDD noted.
   Rule 144a, enacted in 1990, exempted certain disclosure
requirements for the sale of debt to large institutional
investors. It particularly helped foreign issuers, whose
home-country securities regulations are usually less
stringent than the SEC's.
   Private placements under Rule 144a grew sharply last year,
to $20.93 billion, or 19% of the total, from only $3.73
billion, or 3%, in 1990.
   Goldman, Sachs  Co. maintained its lead among investment
banks underwriting private placements, with $13 billion or
nearly 12% of the total volume. It was followed by CS
Holding's First Boston Corp., with 8.3%; Merrill Lynch  Co.,
7.3%; Salomon Inc., 7.2%; and Morgan Stanley  Co., 6.4%. It
was the fourth straight year that Goldman led underwriters of
private placements.