United Way Hires
   Counsel to Examine
   Ties to Subsidiaries
United Way of America is an organization that provides
services to 1,400 local United Way chapters. The local
chapters pay annual dues of 1% of their total contributions
to the United Way of America. Membership is voluntary,
however. Last year, the chapters raised a total of $3.1
billion in contributions, which was distributed to health and
social service agencies around the nation.
   The inquiry is the second one by United Way, which began
an internal investigation last November concerning its
management after it learned of forthcoming press reports on
the subject. A spokesman said the association's executive
committee received the report earlier this month and took a
"vote of confidence" in Mr. Aramony.
   The spokesman said, however, that many of its 1,400
members are delaying paying their dues until the external
investigation is completed in April. "For the most part our
members are saying they are going to delay a decision," the
spokesman said.
   Some United Way organizations have taken stronger action,
however. A spokesman for the United Way of Roanoke Valley, in
Virginia, said it decided at a board meeting in February to
delay payment of dues as late as December. "The question is
whether we'll pay them at all. But I think we'll pay them
something," he said.