International:
   Creditors to Share
   Auction Bounty
   Of Maxwell's Flat
   ---
   Sotheby's Event in London
   Offers the Chance to Buy
   Tycoon's TVs, Art, Beds
   ----
   By Nicholas Bray
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The most valuable piece of furniture, a 16-foot Regency
dining table, is expected to fetch around #35,000 ($62,850),
says an official at the auctioneering arm of Sotheby's
Holdings Inc. To accompany the table, bargain hunters may
want to contemplate purchasing a set of 18 George III silver
dinner plates, valued at between #8,000 and #10,000, or a
pair of 19th-century marble urns, estimated to bring #12,000
to #18,000.
   The eight-room apartment on the 10th floor of Maxwell
House, Mr. Maxwell's headquarters, became the media tycoon's
London home in 1987. Furnished by decorator Jon Bannenberg,
its opulence provided the backdrop for both Mr. Maxwell's
expansion plans, through Maxwell Communication Corp. and its
sister company Mirror Group Newspapers PLC, and his
subsequent financial problems.
   Now, following his death at sea on Nov. 5 and the collapse
of his business empire, the apartment's entire contents are
to be sold. Price Waterhouse, the court-appointed
administrators of Maxwell Communication, has decided there
will be no reserve prices. The sale is expected to raise
around #400,000, to be shared among the creditors of Maxwell
Communication, which has debts in excess of #1.5 billion.
   Some of the more valuable items include a pair of George
IV wine coolers, estimated to fetch #15,000 to #25,000, and
several paintings. Two paintings of young women by the French
17th-century artist Jean-Baptiste Santerre, "L'Indolence" and
"La Lecture," are valued at #15,000 to #25,000.
   Other lots include the apartment's silk curtains, its
specially designed handmade carpets, a set of French table
linens, several TV sets, coffee machines and an ice cream
maker.
   And for those who want to bone up on the publishing
mogul's achievements: Also up for auction will be several
copies of the flattering 525-page portrait of him published
in 1988 (under Mr. Maxwell's auspices) by Daily Mirror
columnist Joe Haines. "There was one in every room,
virtually," says Leslie Weller, Sotheby's head of furniture.