Economy:
   Index of Leading
   Indicators Fell
   In December
   ---
   Decline of 0.3% Is the Second
   Drop in a Row; Analysts
   See Sluggish Turnaround
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"The economy is dead in the water and will be at least
through the winter and maybe even spring," said Bruce
Steinberg, senior economist at Merrill Lynch  Co. in New
York. "There is no evidence outside the housing sector that
there is anything stimulative going on."
   The December index was driven downward by six of the 11
indicators, most centering around the manufacturing sector,
which limped through the month. A decline in orders for plant
and equipment did the most damage. Drops in manufacturers'
new orders for consumer goods, manufacturers' unfilled
orders, delivery rates, money supply and consumer
expectations also pushed the index down.
   Building permits, driven by lower interest rates, had the
most positive impact on the index.
   Analysts have found solace in the fact that the categories
pushing the index down seem to change from month to month,
suggesting varying pockets of weakness in the economy rather
than absolute frailty.
   "The economy is ambling upward rather than running
upward," said Fred Sturm, senior economist at Fuji Securities
in Chicago.
   The steady negatives in the leading index, however, are
consumer expectations and orders for consumer goods.
"Consumer confidence is pretty dismal and has been for some
time," Mr. Sturm said.
   The Commerce Department's index of coincident indicators,
which is designed to track the current health of the economy,
crept up 0.1% in December after tumbling a revised 0.7% the
month before.
   Meanwhile, the department also said sales of single-family
homes in December fell 6.6% to a seasonally adjusted annual
rate of 522,000. These figures are subject to sharp revision.
The November rate, originally reported as unchanged from
October, was revised to show a 7.9% increase.
   The decline reported for December came despite record low
interest rates, which have done more to spur refinancing than
sell homes. Analysts said they expect the numbers to improve
as lower interest rates begin to make an impact.
   "All that monetary stimulus that's wallowing in the
pipeline will soon start pouring out," said Mr. Sturm of
Fuji.
   ---
                    LEADING INDICATORS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the net contributions of the components of the
Commerce Department's index of leading indicators.
                                                                                                       

                                       Dec.      Nov.
                                       1991      1991
                                                                                                       

   Workweek ........................   .07        .07
   Unemployment claims .............   .00       -.15
   Orders for consumer goods .......  -.30       -.06
   Slower deliveries ...............  -.05        .01
   Plant and equipment orders ......  -.37        .13
   Building permits ................   .17       -.10
   Durable order backlog ...........  -.13       -.10
   Materials prices ................   .17        .09
   Stock prices ....................   .04       -.01
   Money supply ....................  -.02        .00
   Consumer expectations ...........  -.01       -.32
                                                                                                       

   The seasonally adjusted index numbers (1982=100) for
December, and the change from November, are: Index of leading
indicators .... 144.8 -0.3 Index of coincident indicators
125.5 0.1 Index of lagging indicators .... 111.3 0.3
   The ratio of coincident to lagging indicators was 1.13%,
unchanged from the previous month.