Three Gas Firms
   Post Better Results
   For Fourth Period
   ----
   By Robert Johnson
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Nevertheless, Panhandle posted profit of $30.3 million, or
28 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $251.4 million,
or $2.79 a share, a year earlier. The loss included
provisions of about $280 million, including a $215 million
write-down of the company's liquified gas facilities.
Pershare figures reflect an increase in common shares
outstanding to 98.9 million from 88.9 million a year ago.
   Revenue fell 19% to $703.7 million from $865.6 million.
   Panhandle said 1991 profit results partly from widespread
cost reductions and from a rate increase that boosted profit
at its Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. unit.
   For the year, Panhandle posted net of $85.1 million, or 86
cents a share, compared with a loss of $218.2 million, or
$2.46 a share, including write-downs, a year earlier. Revenue
fell 18% to $2.45 billion from $2.99 billion.
   Enron Corp. said net rose 21% to $64.6 million, or 58
cents a share, from $53.2 million, or 47 cents a share a year
earlier. The gas concern said profit margins were boosted by
its cogeneration power plantbuilding segment and by long-term
contracts to sell gas to utilities. Per-share figures reflect
a 2-for-1 stock split in December, raising the number of
common shares outstanding to 101 million.
   Revenue fell 24% to $3.59 billion from $4.71 billion.
   For the year, Enron's net rose 22% to $241.8 million, or
$2.15 a share, from $202.2 million, or $1.76 a share, in
1990. Revenue rose to $13.5 million from $13.2 billion.
   Enron Oil, a separately traded, 84%-owned production arm
of Enron Corp., said profit rose 11% to $22.4 million, or 29
cents a share, from $20.2 million, or 27 cents a share, a
year earlier. The company said it pumped a higher volume of
gas in 1991 than the previous year, which partly offset lower
prices. Revenue rose to $119.8 million from $118 million.
   For the year, Enron Oil net rose 21% to $54.9 million, or
72 cents a share, from $45.5 million, or 60 cents a share, in
1990. The company said the improvement is partly due to
reduced depreciation and lower expenses. Revenue rose 4.3% to
$387.6 million from $371.3 million.