Germany's Daimler
   Posts Increase of 11%
   In Yearly Group Sales
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The center of growth was Germany, where sales rose 22%,
Daimler-Benz said, while sales elsewhere in Europe fell
marginally.
   In the U.S., the year-earlier sales figure was "slightly
exceeded."
   Overall, two-thirds of the corporation's business was
accounted for by its luxury car and truck division,
Mercedes-Benz, while electronics unit AEG contributed 14%,
Deutsche Aerospace 13% and services-oriented Debis, the
newest unit, 4%.
   Mercedes division revenue totaled 66.71 billion marks, an
increase of 12%; AEG 14.05 billion marks, up 7%; Deutsche
Aerospace 12.38 billion marks, little changed from 12.525
billion marks.
   Mercedes automobile sales soared 25% and commercial
vehicles sales 30% in Germany in 1991.
   Abroad, however, those sales rose only 2% and 1%,
respectively. Mercedes said those achievements "didn't meet
expectations."
   Overall output of Mercedes cars totaled 560,400 units,
slightly below the year-earlier total of 574,227.
   Car sales dropped 25% in the U.S. to 58,900 because of the
sluggish economy and a luxury tax that had boosted 1990 sales
in advance of the law's taking effect in January 1991.
   In Japan, car sales fell 12% to 34,100 units. Mercedes
noted that it is still the top-selling foreign car label in
Japan.
   At AEG, the troubled Frankfurt-based electronics
subsidiary, rail systems and automation technology led sales
last year.
   The performance of its office machines and communication
technology divisions wasn't so promising. The company spun
off its AEG Mobile Communication G.m.b.H. unit and suffered
further sales losses at AEG Olympia Office G.m.b.H., which is
being phased out of existence.
   Deutsche Aerospace orders totaled 10.45 billion marks, not
quite as high as the year-earlier 10.81 billion marks.