Nomura's U.S. Unit
   Will Start Trading,
   Selling Junk Bonds
   ----
   By William Power
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The move into junk bonds is part of the strategy of Max C.
Chapman, co-chairman of the U.S. unit, to expand in riskier
areas that Nomura had long avoided. In the past 1 1/2 years,
Mr. Chapman's unit has also built up its program trading
operations into one of Wall Street's busiest.
   Program trading and junk bonds are controversial areas,
but if a brokerage firm stays too safe, "there's very little
likelihood it'll have any hope of being significantly
profitable," Mr. Chapman said.
   Mr. Chapman said his firm has been building a junk-bond
research and money-management effort -- which now has more
than $1 billion under management -- and now wants to
"leverage" its junk-bond experience into trading, sales and
finance. He said the junk-bond market's ills, symbolized by
Drexel's collapse in 1990, won't be a problem. Nomura will
expand in the business slowly and carefully by focusing on
its "knowledge of basic credit analysis in the high-yield
sector," Mr. Chapman said.
   "Notwithstanding what our government and a few regulators
have said," Mr. Chapman added, below-investment-grade
securities such as junk bonds are "very much today part of
the capitalization of many companies in this country." In
addition to his junk-bond duties, Mr. Pomerantz will be
building up the existing high-grade corporate bond area,
which Nomura considers vital to linking its European and Asia
capital markets operations with the U.S.
   Mr. Pomerantz will start at Nomura in about two weeks as a
senior vice president. He had worked at Drexel for 11 years
up to its collapse; the last position he held there was
senior vice president in charge of the international
fixed-income department.