World Markets:
   Share Prices Weaken in London, as Big Investors
   Take a Pause; Equities End Mixed in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
Shares raced higher at the opening on Wall Street's good
performance last week and on heavy futures-related buying.
But buying interest soon fell prey to profit-taking. Prices
in both cash and futures markets eased amid concern about a
possible correction in New York stock moves, which London has
mirrored in the past few weeks. The market generally ignored
British officials' weekend comments that government forecasts
about the country's economic growth this year may have been a
bit optimistic.
   In Frankfurt, the early price romp petered out by late
morning and many stocks turned lower. The DAX 30-stock index
edged down 0.30 point to 1603.32, near the session's low and
significantly off the intraday high of 1613.54. Of the DAX
stocks, prices of 17 advanced and 11 declined, while two were
unchanged. Activity was damped by the absence of investors
and operators from southern Germany, where a religious
holiday was being observed, and shares drifted lower through
the day after getting the initial boost from London's higher
stock prices, Wall Street's firmness Friday, and Tokyo's
rally earlier Monday.
   In Tokyo, stocks surged in Monday's half-day session, the
first trading day of this year, though trading was thin. The
Nikkei 225-stock index, which rose 546.45 points on Dec. 30,
the last trading day of 1991, jumped 817.41, or 3.56%, to
23801.18. First section volume was estimated at 180 million
shares, up from 175.7 million shares Dec. 30. Gaining issues
overwhelmed declining issues 879-103, and 81 issues were
unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first section issues, which rose 39.45 points Dec. 30, surged
48.75, or 2.84%, to 1763.43.
   The Nikkei index fell 184.28 points to 23616.90 in
Tuesday's morning session.
   The continuing surge of New York stock prices, falling
Japanese interest rates and steady gains by the yen combined
to boost Tokyo stocks Monday. The market also was lifted by
arbitrage buy programs and by individuals' purchases,
especially by overseas investors. The Monday jump reversed
the Tokyo bourse's declines on the past two years' opening
days.
   Almost all the big Asian and Pacific bourses followed
Tokyo's lead and Wall Street's pace, posting gains. Sydney
shares burst higher in early business, settled back, but
still closed strongly, also encouraged by an expected further
cut in Australian domestic interest rates. Singapore shares
also surged on President Bush's weekend remarks in the
republic about a bilateral agreement in principle to transfer
a U.S. Navy unit from the Philippines to Singapore. Taipei
stocks' jump was partly attributed to speculation that
Taiwan's central bank would cut key lending rates this week.
Manila shares ended mixed to higher, as participants
positioned themselves in the commercial and industrial
sectors in anticipation of dividends to be declared; the bias
against the dollar also led some investors to focus on
stocks. On Wellington's opening day for the year, stocks
rallied, catching up with other global equities markets;
also, the New Zealand dollar's decline to five-year lows last
week benefited stocks of export-related companies and others
that have significant foreign results. But in Hong Kong,
after an initial spurt higher, stock prices were eroded by
profit-taking and ended down, partly because of cautious
sentiment ahead of Sino-U.S. trade negotiations Friday in
Washington.
   Elsewhere in Europe, where bourses logged generally
lackluster trading, Paris share prices finished moderately
higher in response to recent gains in overseas markets.
Though Amsterdam stocks rose, they ended below the day's
highs, as speculation about the market's being due for a
correction triggered profit-taking. In Zurich, still
supported by Wall Street's recent muscle, stocks scored
gains. In Brussels, high interest rates and a gloomy economic
outlook for Belgium left shares mixed, following trading
mostly in blue chips that was dominated by foreign investors.
   Among corporate developments, in Amsterdam, Hoogovens rose
1.7 guilders, or 4%, to 44 guilders ($25.32), after the
company issued an earnings message that wasn't as bleak as
had been expected. Loss provisions will lead the steel and
aluminum maker to post a deficit for 1991, Hoogovens said,
adding that cyclical economic developments this year remain
uncertain.
   Though the 1991 financial performance of Hoogovens's
ordinary business activities was positive, the company said,
provisions of tens of millions of guilders covering losses at
its Belgium-based aluminum operations would cause a net loss.
   DAF slumped 0.3, or 1.4%, to 29. Last year was
particularly bad for the truck maker, DAF said, but it
expects to show significant improvement this year because of
anticipated higher production levels and structural cost
reductions.
   DAF remains cautious about short-term economic recovery
prospects, and cited rising inflation and high interest rates
in Germany and the Netherlands, as well as the complex
situation in Central and Eastern Europe.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % 1991
                                     Jan 3   Jan 2    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ............................. 391.8 390.1 + 27.7
 Britain ......................... 740.0 735.8 + 15.8
 Canada ........................ 396.2 393.9 + 8.0
 Japan .......................... 989.4 989.4 - 0.5
 France ........................ 501.8 496.0 + 18.3
 Germany ..................... 248.3 248.1 + 10.1
 Hong Kong .................. 3103.1 3098.5 + 42.8
 Switzerland ................. 209.4 205.1 + 24.0
 Australia ..................... 352.7 350.2 + 31.7
 World index .............. 536.2 535.8 + 16.2
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

   ISSUE (COUNTRY)                       CLOSE      % CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Ames Department Stores (U.S.)          1.0        +33.3
   Winnebago Industries (U.S.)            4.125      +26.9

   Repola Free (Finland)                 42.0        +25.4
   Unitas (Union BK) (Finland)           15.50       +24.0
   Quantum Chemical (U.S.)               14.250      +23.9
   Bilspedition B. (Sweden)              59.0        +22.9
   Chrysler (U.S.)                       13.50       +22.7
   Bally Manufacturing (U.S.)             5.625      +21.6
   Rouse (U.S.)                          17.750      +20.3
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Ratners (England)                      0.230      -28.1
   Ence (Spain)                        1400.0        -17.6
   Sampo A. (Sweden)                    140.0        -13.6
   Gota A. (Sweden)                      31.0        -11.4
   European Leisure (England)             0.080      -11.1
   Saurer Hldg/Sgi. (Swiss)            1650.0        -10.3
   Carter Hawley Hale Store (U.S.)        1.125      -10.0
   Dekals Energy (U.S.)                  12.0        - 9.4
   Lenzing (Austria)                    995.0        - 9.1
   British Aerospace (England)            2.910      - 9.1
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective