World Markets:
   Stocks Put In a Mixed Performance in Tokyo
   And Fall in London, Both in Stagnant Trading
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Thursday, the Nikkei index eased 27.26 points to close
the morning session at 21078.16.
   Wednesday's first-section volume was estimated at 230
million shares, down from 256.1 million shares Tuesday.
Though turnover in the past two sessions was viewed as a
hopeful improvement from recent weeks, basic volume Wednesday
remained at about 200 million shares after factoring out
heavy cross-trading. Despite the Nikkei's small advance,
losers outnumbered gainers, 596-329, and 193 issues were
unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which fell 18.64 points Tuesday,
dropped 5.21 points to 1537.22.
   The Nikkei's marginal advance, after the index kept to a
narrow range between 20862.71 and 21112.24 in the session,
came on some late index-linked buying, helped by
short-covering on the futures market. Trading was
dealer-dominated Wednesday, with buying focused on
pharmaceutical and environment-related stocks, sectors that
aren't considered able to continue to support the market.
Bearishness prevailed as the yen continued to weaken and poor
corporate earnings outlooks streamed in.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index gave up 7.0 points to 2558.4, also the intraday low.
The FT 30-stock index inched up 1.5 points to 1988.5. Volume
was 529.5 million shares, compared with 523.2 million shares
a day earlier.
   A dismal opening on Wall Street wiped out any optimism in
London, and stocks ended at the day's lows, as investor
interest also evaporated ahead of the government's new budget
to be issued next week. Moreover, a plethora of generally
weak corporate earnings reports this week continued to
preoccupy participants. The coming British general election
also continued to make investors reluctant to make fresh
equity commitments.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index declined 4.26 points
to 1759.05. Share prices opened firmly but couldn't hold on
to the early gains.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Milan share prices ended solidly
lower, pulled down by banking stocks, following bearish
reports on that sector earlier this week by credit-rating
concerns, as well as banks' stock offering and merger plans.
Stockholm equities' rally extended to a third session on a
combination of lower Swedish interest rates and encouraging
U.S. economic indicators.
   Hong Kong stocks rose solidly in active trading driven by
the government's budget address. On other big Asian and
Pacific bourses, Sydney shares eased in lackluster trading as
investors awaited signs of an economic upturn before boosting
stock investments; the market has drifted down 2.2% since the
beginning of this year. In Singapore, stocks ended up, though
off the day's highs after profit-taking. Taipei share prices,
after plunging Tuesday, rebounded modestly on a report that
the government is likely to sell its bank shares over a
five-year period, largely to help reduce selling pressure.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, Honda Motor ended
unchanged at 1,480 yen ($11.30). The auto maker will recall
some passenger-car models sold in Japan and abroad to repair
a defective engine part that can cause stalling.
   In London, GKN soared 20 pence, or 6%, to 352 pence
($6.11), on earnings recovery hopes. The auto parts and
engineering company's 1991 pretax profit fell 45% to #95
million ($165 million) from a year earlier, as the economic
recession cut demand from some important GKN clients in the
auto and building sectors. Still, the results slightly
exceeded market expectations. Cadbury Schweppes eased 3 to
460, despite the company's report that pretax profit for 1991
rose 13% to #316.4 million. Sales advanced just 2.7% to #3.23
billion. Cadbury's decision to raise its dividend 8.7% to
12.5 pence a share was better than expected. BICC jumped 12,
or 3.8%, to 324. The cables and power systems concern's 1991
pretax profit slumped 56% to #81 million, after special
charges in its property and construction sector totaling #42
million. The performance, also hurt by recessionary pressures
in BICC's major markets, was worse than analysts had
forecast, yet the stock climbed on market perceptions that
the company has weathered the economic downturn.
   In Sydney, Woodside Petroleum finished at 3.97 Australian
dollars (US$2.99), up 3 cents, or 1%. The oil and natural gas
company reported that 1991 operating profit, after taxes,
more than doubled to A$116.5 million (US$87.6 million) from
the year-earlier A$49.7 million. The dividend was increased
60% to 8 cents a share. Woodside cited high oil prices in
early 1991 as a result of the Gulf War, a 32% increase in
shipments of liquefied natural gas to Japan, and reduced
interest costs. But noting "anticipated lower oil prices,"
Woodside said, "it will be difficult to maintain this result
in 1992."
   In Zurich, Swiss Bank lost 3 Swiss francs to 309 francs
($204.71), as shares in the banking sector declined overall.
The commercial bank, Switzerland's second largest, expressed
confidence in its future, after posting record consolidated
group profit of 1.03 billion francs ($682.4 million), up 25%
and exceeding 1 billion francs for the first time.
   ---
   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                      % This
                                     Mar 3     Mar 2    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .............................  386.6     386.3  -  0.9
 Britain ..........................  763.8     760.1  +  3.6
 Canada ...........................  404.4     404.6  +  2.2
 Japan ............................  889.1     899.2  - 10.1
 France ...........................  558.7     557.5  + 11.7
 Germany ..........................  272.1     269.5  + 11.8
 Hong Kong ........................ 3605.8    3629.3  + 16.5
 Switzerland ......................  227.1     226.1  + 10.7
 Australia ........................  346.1     347.5  -  1.5
 World index ......................  510.9     515.2  -  4.6