New Securities Issues
two-part issue of debentures was priced through underwriters
at Goldman, Sachs  Co. The first part consists of $150
million of debentures, due Sept. 15, 2000, priced as 7 3/8%
at 99.435 to yield 7.4635%. The noncallable debentures were
priced at a spread of 40 basis points above the average of
the yields on the Treasury's seven-year and 10-year notes.
The second part consists of $150 million of debentures, due
March 1, 2004, priced as 7 5/8% at 99.225 to yield 7.724%.
The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 47
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. The issue is
rated double-A-2 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
double-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp.

equipment trust certificates was priced through underwriters
led by Merrill Lynch  Co. The first part consists of $155.7
million of equipment trust certificates, due 2007, priced at
par to yield 8.54%. The certificates were priced at a spread
of 1.30 points over the Treasury's 10-year note. The issue
has a weighted average life of 10.4 years because of early
principal payments. The second part consists of $51 million
of equipment trust certificates, due 2011, priced at par to
yield 9.30%. The certificates were priced at a spread of 1.55
points over the Treasury's 30-year bond. The issue has a
weighted average life of 17.7 years because of early
principal payments. The issue was rated single-A-3 by Moody's
and single-A-minus by SP.
   Penn Traffic Co. -- $125 million of senior notes, due Feb.
15, 2002, priced at par to yield 10 1/4%. The size of the
issue, which is noncallable for five years, was increased
from $100 million. The notes, rated Ba-3 by Moody's and
single-B by SP, were sold through underwriters led by
Goldman Sachs.
   Safeway Inc. -- $100 million of senior secured debentures,
due Feb. 1, 2007, priced at par to yield 9.30%. The
debentures, rated Ba-1 by Moody and double-B by SP, will be
sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Rochester, N.Y. -- $75.4 million improvement general
obligation bonds, Series 1992 A, due Aug. 15, 1992-2006, won
by a Prudential Securities Inc. group with a bid setting the
net interest cost at 5.4453%. The bonds are priced to yield
from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.15% in 2006. Bonds maturing in 1992
are not formally reoffered to investors. Bonds maturing in
19921995 are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by SP.
The bonds maturing in 1996-2006 are insured by Ambac
Indemnity Corp. and rated triple-A by both Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The offering, Series
1992-G19, is backed by Government National Mortgage
Association 9% mortgage securities. The weighted average
lives assume prepayments at 150% of the PSA Model. The
collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 9% and
weighted average remaining term to maturity of 27.1 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $750 million
issue of Remic securities offered by Bear, Stearns  Co. The
offering, Series 1992-41, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage
securities. The weighted average lives assume prepayments at
160% of the PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 8.625% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 29.67 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million
issue of Remic securities offered by Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette Securities Corp. The offering, Series 1992-40, is
backed by stripped 8% Fannie Mae mortgage securities from
Stripped Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust 127. The weighted
average lives assume prepayments at 165% of the PSA Model.
The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 8.70%
and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29.5
years.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Farm Credit Banks -- $450 million issue of notes,
due Feb. 14, 1995, was priced as 5.60% at 99.80 to yield
5.674% initially. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 14 basis points above the comparable Treasury. The
notes will be reoffered at various prices through Lehman
Brothers Inc.
   Federal Farm Credit Banks -- $300 million issue of notes,
due Feb. 12, 1997, was priced to float at a spread of 77
basis points below the 11th District Cost of Funds Index. The
rate on the notes will be reset monthly and interest will be
paid quarterly. The issue will be sold by Morgan Stanley 
Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Alabama Power Co. -- $100 million issue of perpetual
preferred stock won by underwriters led by Kidder Peabody.
The four million shares of perpetual preferred was priced at
$25 a share with a $1.90 annual dividend to yield 7.60%. The
issue is non-refundable for five years.
   Houston Lighting  Power Co. -- A $100 million two-part
issue of Houston Lighting  Power Co. variable-term preferred
stock was priced through underwriters led by First Boston
Corp. The first part consists of 500 shares of
$100,000-a-share Series A variable-term preferred stock,
priced with an initial dividend yield of 3.45%. The dividend
rate will be reset initially on April 1 and every 49 days
thereafter. The second part consists of 500 shares of
$100,000-a-share Series B variable-term preferred stock,
priced with an initial dividend yield of 3.45%. The dividend
rate will be reset initially on April 8 and every 49 days
thereafter. The issue is rated single-A-3 by Moody's and
single-A-minus by SP.
   Herley Industries Inc. -- An issue of 1.4 million common
shares priced at $12.875 a share through underwriters led by
Ladenburg Thalmann  Co. The size of the issue was increased
from 1.3 million shares.
   Northern Trust Corp. -- An issue of one million depositary
shares, each representing 1/20th of one cumulative
convertible preferred share, Series E, was priced at $50 a
share through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs with a $3.125
dividend to yield 6 1/4%. The shares, which are noncallable
for three years and rated double-A-3 by Moody's, are
convertible into common at $62.25, a conversion premium of
23.9%.
   Vestar Inc. -- An issue of 2.5 million common shares
priced at $20 a share through underwriters led by Alex. Brown
 Sons Inc.

preferred stock priced through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch. The size of the issue was increased from eight million
shares. The $25-a-share preferred stock issue, which is
noncallable for five years, was priced with a dividend rate
of 8.375%. The issue is rated single-A-2 by Moody's and
triple-B-plus by SP.
   Preferred Income Opportunity Fund Inc. -- An issue of 8.7
million shares priced at $12.50 a share through underwriters
led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Deutsche Bundespost (Germany) -- Five billion marks of 8%
bonds due Feb. 2, 2002. Two billion marks sold Tuesday via
federal bond consortium at 100.70; 1.96 billion marks sold at
100.00 and higher via U.S.-style auction yesterday; Deutsche
Bundesbank allocation 1.04 billion marks.
   Total Paris (France) -- 200 million marks of 8 1/4% bonds
due Feb. 26, 2002, at 102.80 via Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 2
1/2.
   Nordic Investment Bank (Scandinavian agency) -- 150
billion Italian lire of 11.3% Eurobonds due March 4, 2002, at
issue price 101.85 via IMI Capital Markets (Luxembourg) Ltd.
Fees 2.
   De Nederlandse Investeringsbank Voor Ontwekkilengslanden
N.V. (Netherlands) -- 200 million guilders of 8 3/8% bonds
due March 9, 2007, priced at 100.55 via ABN Amro Bank.
Fixed-price reoffer of 99.75 to yield 8.402%. Guaranteed by
the Dutch government. Callable beginning March 9, 2003, at
102. Fees 1.
   Intec Inc. (Japan) -- 15 billion yen of 6% Eurobonds due
May 27, 1999, at issue price 101 5/8 via Nikko Europe Ltd.
Offered initially at a fixed price of 100.10. Short first
coupon period running from Feb. 19 to May 27. Gross fees 1
7/8.