Politics  Policy:
   Kerrey to Quit
   His Campaign
   For President
   ----
   By David Rogers
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in Vietnam, Mr.
Kerrey's greatest strength has been among working-class
voters. He has privately considered endorsing Mr. Tsongas's
candidacy, but said in an interview yesterday that any such
discussion is "premature" and no endorsement is expected at a
scheduled press conference this morning.
   Mr. Kerrey's brash, candid style and war record give him
great personal appeal, but these assets -- so evident in
Nebraska and the Senate -- weren't enough in a presidential
campaign. While his rivals targeted core constituencies, he
often ended up as everyone's favorite second choice. And
though he was too much an outsider to win help from many in
the Washington establishment, Mr. Kerrey couldn't escape the
political baggage that came with being a sitting member of
Congress.
   "He's just so much better than he looked," said Joseph
Rothstein, a friend and political consultant who was cut from
the Kerrey campaign in a painful restructuring this winter.
The candidate hurt himself by his lack of preparation before
jumping in last summer, but even when he hit his stride, his
advisers didn't seem to understand how to best use his
potential.
   In a Democratic debate last Saturday in Denver, Mr. Kerrey
shone next to Mr. Tsongas and Gov. Clinton, whose bitter
exchanges made headlines. Yet that positive image was soon
tarnished by a tough Colorado television ad that made Mr.
Kerrey the heavy in what critics said was a misleading attack
on his rivals' environmental records.
   "I am much more of a U.S. senator now," said Mr. Kerrey
campaigning this week. Again last night, he said he would
take what he has learned to press for his platform --
including national health insurance. "Disappointed," he said
of his feelings about withdrawing. "But it's been good. We
drove some good issues."