Business Brief:
   Germany's Siemens Is Said to Emerge
   As Possible Buyer of GTE Lighting Line
Sources close to GTE said Siemens representatives in
recent weeks have been spending a lot of time at GTE's
Sylvania lighting products plants, exploring the electrical
products group. The group, being treated as a discontinued
operation at year's end, had sales in the third quarter of
$521 million and operating income of $31 million.
   At the time the possible sale was announced, analysts
speculated that the business could bring $1.5 billion to $2
billion, or $100 million to $600 million more than book
value.
   Asked about the Siemens report, a GTE spokesman said he
couldn't confirm or deny any conversations. He said GTE hopes
to have "some sort of answer by the middle of the year" on
the fate of the electrical products group.
   A spokesman for Siemens in New York said that Wolf-Dieter
Bopst, chairman of the managing board of Munich-based Osram
G.m.b.H, Siemens's light-bulb manufacturing unit, recently
indicated interest in the Sylvania operations.
   Asked whether Siemens representatives were actively
exploring such a proposal, he said: "It's possible. Given our
size, we have a lot of people running around to different
companies kicking tires. We get into a lot of conversations
about companies. But we don't want to comment on
speculation."
   John C. Culver, an analyst with Duff  Phelps, said "it
would not be surprising" if Siemens acquired GTE's lighting
group.