World Markets:
   Stocks in London End Flat, Just Above Lows,
   And Mixed to Higher in Quiet Frankfurt Session
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Wednesday in Tokyo, the Nikkei fell 216.35 points from
Monday's close to end the morning session at 21603.17.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index was off 1.3 points at 2537.1, only fractionally above
the session low of 2536.7. The FT 30-stock index added 5.3
points to 1964.2. Volume was a scant 432.7 million shares,
compared with 426.4 million shares a day earlier.
   Amid a lack of major market-moving news and of any
direction from Wall Street, London prices dropped from their
session peaks about midday when investors were frustrated
because the Bank of England, the central bank, didn't signal
an interest-rate cut, as had been widely expected because of
inflation data.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index edged up 1.42 points
to 1683.55. After an opening rally fizzled, volume declined
and the DAX stocks traded in a narrow range. The initial
enthusiasm was attributed to rising bond prices, which mirror
falling returns and thus are often interpreted as good news
for stocks. Dealers then took profits on the gains in bond
and stock prices after follow-up buying failed to
materialize, and stock prices fell. Otherwise, news was
scarce and stock movements were muted.
   Elsewhere in Europe, where trading was generally subdued,
Madrid proved an exception, as prices surged amid active
turnover on improved expectations for coming inflation data.
   Stocks had a mixed performance overall on the big Asian
and Pacific exchanges. Sydney shares jumped 1.3%, as local
buying interest revived and overseas selling seemed to have
stopped. Hong Kong stocks fell sharply on profit-taking after
the big runup of the past three sessions. Taipei share prices
tumbled broadly, marking the fourth consecutive decline,
attributed to shaky investor confidence, undermined by the
Taiwan government's concern about possibile speculation
connected to the rapid growth in money supply, and by
speculation the government might reverse its decision to
lower domestic oil prices. The Manila bourse continued its
consolidation, and stocks dropped sharply. Wellington shares
were buoyed by a fresh round of cuts in commercial-bank
lending rates that was expected to encourage more investors
to switch funds into equities and away from fixed-interest
investments. Seoul stock prices tumbled as sentiment soured
after reports about a slower-than-expected influx of cash
deposits with securities firms, which is a gauge of potential
purchasing power.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British Airways
jumped 23 pence, or 10%, to 248 pence ($4.51), on robust
volume of 27 million shares. In a report that was far better
than analysts had expected, the flag carrier's pretax profit
for the third quarter ended Dec. 31 soared to #100 million
($181.8 million) from #20 million a year earlier, when
results were depressed by the Persian Gulf crisis. Operating
profit was #111 million, compared with none a year earlier.
But for the first nine months, pretax profit fell 16% to #285
million, as recession continued in the airline's main U.S.
and British markets. Still, British Airways said it was
positioned to take advantage of economic recoveries.
   Lasmo eased 1 to 234. The oil concern said it had made a
second significant oil discovery in the Espinal exploration
block in the Magdalena Valley, Colombia.
   In Frankfurt, Veba eased 10 pfennigs to 363.70 marks
($230.55). The conglomerate's Veba Oel energy unit said 1991
pretax profit edged up 1.2% to 650 million marks ($412
million) on a 20% rise in sales to 20.7 billion marks. Veba
Oel cited good results in its oil and oil products divisions
and said sales expanded because of higher sales volumes and
prices, as well as increased business in eastern Germany.
   Metallgesellschaft rose 4.2 to 414.30. The metals and
trading company said that for the year that began in
September, group profit for its first quarter was "slightly
below" that of a year earlier, but it didn't elaborate on
either period. Metallgesellschaft blamed lower nonferrous
metals prices and continuing production problems in new
smelting plants, as well as general economic conditions,
especially in the auto parts industry. Results of newly
acquired units, including Buderus, Dynamit Nobel and Cerasiv,
won't be consolidated until the fiscal second quarter.
   In Paris, Skis Rossignol added 1 French franc to 850
francs ($158.07). The sporting goods concern said it expects
to post profit of at least 50 million francs ($9.3 million)
for the year ending March 31, 1993. This would compare with
an anticipated loss of about 40 million francs in the current
fiscal year and with a loss of 140 million francs in fiscal
91. The company also said it is likely to resume paying
dividends next year.
   Matra rose 1.70 to 174.20. The defense and electronics
group's 1991 consolidated revenue fell 7% to 22.6 billion
francs, but this isn't comparable to year-earlier results
because of changes in Matra's structure and the consolidation
of the Ufima unit; accounting for these factors, revenue rose
3.5%.
   In Sydney, Pancontinental Mining climbed 5 Australian
cents, or 5.5%, to 96 cents (72 U.S. cents). The diversified
mining company reported operating profit after taxes of 57.9
million Australian dollars (US$43.3 million) for its first
half ended Dec. 31, compared with an operating loss of A$83.7
million a year earlier.
   In Brussels, Banque Bruxelles Lambert advanced 70 Belgian
francs, or 2.2%, to 3,300 francs ($101.48). Talks between the
bank and the insurer Royale Belge and Winterthur Belgique for
an insurance partnership include a proposal for Winterthur to
increase its stake in BBL to 9.35% from 4.78%, in line with
the holding of Royale Belge. Royal Belge shares gained 60, or
1.4%, to 4,300.
   BBL also said it is holding cooperation talks with the
Dutch insurance and banking group Internationale Nederlanden
Groep. ING said that it wants to cooperate with BBL both in
banking and in selling insurance and that it would like its
stake in BBL to be on a level with that of BBL's biggest
shareholders; this would require ING to raise its stake to
about 13% from 5.8%. In Amsterdam, ING shares declined 0.60
guilder to 51.10 guilders ($28.79).
   In Stockholm, L.M. Ericsson's B shares rose 2 Swedish
kronor, or 1.7%, to 117 kronor ($20.40). The
telecommunications company said in a preliminary report that
1991 pretax profit plunged 67% to 1.6 billion Swedish kronor
($279 million). Ericsson cited economic recession in most of
its principal markets. The dividend was maintained at 3.50
kronor a share. For this year, Ericsson said without
specifying figures, the first half will be "very weak" and
annual earnings are expected to continue to be low, mainly
because of reduced short-term capital spending by telephone
operating companies.

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This
                                  Feb 10   Feb 7    Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ....................       386.5   384.6   - 0.9
   Britain .................       752.3   745.6   + 2.1
   Canada ..................       407.2   405.9   + 2.9
   Japan ...................       930.6   938.7   - 5.9
   France ..................       528.1   526.8   + 5.5
   Germany .................       260.7   261.0   + 7.1
   Hong Kong ...............      3485.0  3465.7   +12.6
   Switzerland .............       220.3   219.9   + 7.4
   Australia ...............       338.4   337.3   - 3.7
   World index .............       526.0   528.0   - 1.7