Time Off: Diversions and Excursions Jan. 21-Feb. 3
George Abrams of Boston. The exhibit is devoted primarily to
landscape, genre and figure studies, by such artists as
Rembrandt, Jacob van Ruisdael, Adriaen van Ostade and
Goltzius.
   Pierpont Morgan Library: 29 East 36th St., Jan. 22-April
26. (212) 685-0008.
                                                                                                       

                      Malibu, Calif.
                   The Decorated Letter
                                                                                                       

   This show of 20 European illuminated manuscripts from the
ninth through 16th centuries focuses on the first letter of
each text. These decorative letters were created by monks and
lay artists in a wide variety of styles, incorporating both
abstract designs and natural elements as well as animal and
human figures.
   J. Paul Getty Museum: 17985 Pacific Coast Highway. Through
March 29. (310) 458-2003.
                                                                                                       

                         FESTIVAL
                                                                                                       

                        Troy, N.Y.
                   Shostakovich Festival
                                                                                                       

   This international music festival features the Manhattan
String Quartet, the Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson Trio, the St.
Cecilia Orchestra with guest conductor Kenneth Kiesler,
pianist Pavlina Dokovska and trumpeter Barbara Butler. On the
final day author Harlow Robinson will lead a symposium on
Dmitri Shostakovich's life, music, politics and philosophy;
the panelists include the composer's son, conductor Maxim
Shostakovich.
   Events take place at various venues around town --
including Kiggins Hall at the Emma Willard School, Troy
Savings Bank Music Hall and Bush Pavilion at Russell Sage
College: now through Jan. 25. (518) 273-0039.
                                                                                                       

                          NATURE

                      The Bronx, N.Y.
                    A Winter's Respite
                                                                                                       

   Here's a quick cure for the winter doldrums -- a stroll
among early spring flowers, fragrant bulbs and pink
camellias. Then relax on one of the dozen American garden
benches on display. The benches are both old and new, from
the medieval herb-planted "Tuffet Bench" to the star-spangled
"Sheriff's Bench."
   Enid A. Haupt Conservatory, New York Botanical Garden:
Through March 8. (212) 220-8777.
                                                                                                       

                           MUSIC
                                                                                                       

                        Los Angeles
              Los Angeles Music Center Opera
                                                                                                       

   Placido Domingo is Don Jose in Bizet's "Carmen," with
Denyce Graves singing the title role. The production, done in
association with the Royal Opera, Covent Garden, is directed
by Nuria Espert and conducted by Randall Behr.
   Dorothy Chandler Pavilion: Jan. 22, 25, 29, Feb. 1 and 4.
(213) 972-7211.
                                                                                                       

                     Washington, D.C.
                     Washington Opera
                                                                                                       

   The company offers the American stage premiere of the
contemporary Chinese opera "Savage Land" by composer Jin
Xiang. The show, which will be performed in Chinese with
English surtitles, is a Western-influenced opera, a romantic
tragedy set in rural China of the 1920s. The all-Chinese cast
of debut artists includes baritone Sun Yu as Chou Hu, the
"angry tiger" who returns from imprisonment to seek revenge;
and coloratura soprano Ying Yeh as Jin Zi, a woman torn
between her husband and her lover. (The composer himself
spent 20 years in forced labor in Xinjiang, China's Siberia.)
Paulette Haupt, who brought the work from China, where it
premiered in Beijing in 1987, conducts.
   Kennedy Center Eisenhower Theater: Jan. 24, 26, 28, 30,
Feb. 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9. 1-800-87-OPERA.
                                                                                                       

                         New York
                  Philharmonia Hungarica
                                                                                                       

   Yehudi Menuhin conducts a trio of programs: Haydn's
Symphony No. 83 in G minor ("La Poule"), Poulenc's Concerto
in D minor for Two Pianos, and Bartok's Concerto for
Orchestra. Featured performers are the duo-piano team of
Ralph Markham and Kenneth Broadway.
   Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center: 65th and Broadway, Feb.
2. (212) 721-6500. Other stops on the group's 18-city tour
include: Erie, Pa. (Warner Theater), Jan. 22; Portland, Me.
(City Hall Auditorium), Jan. 27; New Haven, Conn. (Yale
University), Jan. 28; West Point, N.Y. (U.S. Military
Academy), Feb. 1; Williamsburg, Va. (College of William 
Mary), Feb. 4; and Raleigh, N.C. (North Carolina State
University), Feb. 7 and 8.