Former McMahan
   Officer, Wexler,
   Indicted in Fraud
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The trades formed the basis for more than $160 million in
"bogus" tax deductions for partners of his former firm,
McMahan, Brafman, Morgan  Co., a New York limited
partnership.
   The firm had about 400 limited partners paying $200,000 a
share, the government said. It added that the underlying
transactions were prearranged so that neither the firm nor
its partners would be exposed to any risk of incurring actual
interest expenses or trading losses that they would have to
pay out of pocket.
   Peter B. Bennett, a Trenton, N.J., attorney representing
Mr. Wexler, said the indictment appears to "focus upon a
single trade by MBM in government securities almost eight
years ago." The tax treatment was governed "by an extremely
complicated set of regulations and statutes with which Mr.
Wexler and MBM complied in every respect. We are convinced
that when a jury hears all of the evidence, they will find
that Mr. Wexler acted in good faith, and that he committed no
offense."
   Mr. Wexler faces a maximum of 26 years in prison and $2
million in fines if convicted on all eight counts of the
indictment handed up by a federal grand jury here.
   The indictment said fraudulent interest expenses created
were offset by taxable gains to be recognized in later tax
years, "so that the prearranged transactions functioned as a
fraudulent income-deferral device."
   No investors have been charged in the case and none are
under any suspicion of having committed tax crimes, said U.S.
Attorney Michael Chertoff. However, they may be liable for
back taxes and possible civil tax penalties.
   Mr. Wexler is expected to be arraigned within the next two
weeks, at which time bail and a trial date will be set.