New Securities Issues
Du Pont Co. -- $300 million issue of 8.125% notes, due
March 15, 2004, priced at 99.701 to yield 8.164%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 53 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated double-A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led
by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Treasure Island Finance Corp. -- A $300 million issue of
first mortgage notes, due Oct. 1, 2000, priced at par to
yield 9.875%. The first mortgage notes are noncallable for
three years. In 1996, the bonds can be called at 106.50, and
then at par in 1999. Rated Ba-2 by Moody's and double-B by
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Salomon Brothers Inc.
   McDermott Inc. -- $225 million issue of 9.375% notes, due
March 15, 2002, was priced at 99.708 to yield 9.42%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 180 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-3 by Moody's and
triple-B-minus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
   Household International Inc. -- $100 million issue of
7.25% notes, due April 1, 1995, was priced at 99.891 to yield
7.29%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 100
basis points above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated
Baa-1 by Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Puget Sound Power  Light Co. -- $75 million issue of
preferred stock was priced through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co. The 750,000 shares of $100-a-share
preferred were priced with a dividend rate of 7.75%. The
issue is rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP.
   Nuveen Select Tax Free Income Portfolio -- initial
15,250,000 shares priced at $15 each through underwriters led
by Alex. Brown  Sons Inc.
   Fred's Inc. -- initial 3.6 million shares priced at $14.50
each through underwriters led by Robinson-Humphrey Co.
   Fleer Corp. -- secondary offering of 3,605,000 shares
priced at $21.75 each through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch  Co.
   Ryland Group Inc. -- 2.5 million shares were priced at
$24.50 each through underwriters led by Kidder Peabody  Co.
   Triconex Corp. -- initial two million shares priced at $13
each through underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham 
Co.
   Bertucci's Inc. -- 1.5 million common shares were priced
at $20 each through underwriters led by Montgomery
Securities.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $592.5 million three-part issue
of notes priced through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley 
Co. The first part, consisting of $323.5 million notes, due
March 27, 1995, priced at par to yield 6.56%. The notes,
noncallable for one year, priced at a spread of 29 basis
points above the Treasury's three-year note. The second part,
consisting of $178.5 million notes, due March 27, 1997, was
priced at par to yield 7.37%. The notes, noncallable for one
year, were priced at a spread of 34 basis points above the
Treasury's five-year note. The third part, consisting of
$90.5 million notes, due March 27, 2002, priced at par to
yield 8.15%. The notes, noncallable for three years, priced
at a spread of 55 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year
note.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $285 million issue of notes,
due March 30, 1994, was priced at par to yield 5.875%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 10 basis points
above the Treasury's two-year note. The issue will be sold
through underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc.
                                                                                                       

                       ASSET-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Chrysler Corp. -- A $672 million offering of 6.375%
securities backed by new and used auto receivables from U.S.
Auto Receivables Co. priced by underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch  Co. at 99.844 to yield 6.52%. That yield is 73 basis
points above the yield on two-year Treasury notes.
Underwriters expect the securities to be rated triple-A by
Moody's and SP based on the quality of the underlying loans,
the support of a 4% subordinated B class and a reserve fund
totaling 5.75% of the senior securities. The securities are
being sold through a special purpose trust called Premier
Auto Trust 1992-2.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The
offering, Series Gold 1264, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
30-year 8.50% mortgage securities. The weighted average lives
assume prepayments at 180% of the PSA Model. The collateral
has a weighted average coupon rate of 9.25% and weighted
average remaining term to maturity of 29.42 years.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $91 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by First Boston Corp. The
offering, Series 206, is backed by Freddie Mac non-Gold 9.50%
principal-only stripped mortgage securities. The weighted
average lives assume prepayments at 300% of the PSA Model.
The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 10.21%
and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 22.17
years.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Massachusetts Water Resources Authority -- $717.6 million
general revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, due July 15, 1993-1997,
2007-2010, 2012, 2019, 2021, and 2022, priced by a Merrill
Lynch  Co. group. The bonds are priced to yield from 3.90%
in 1993 to 6.97% in 2021. Current interest serial bonds are
priced at par to yield form 3.90% in 1993 to 5.80% in 1997.
There are $25 million 6.50% bonds priced at 97.90 to yield
6.72% in 2007; $26.6 million 6.50% bonds priced at 97.54 to
yield 6.75% in 2008; $28.4 million 6.50% bonds priced at
97.26 to yield 6.77% in 2009; $30.2 million 6.50% bonds
priced at 96.87 to yield 6.80% in 2010; $66.5 million 6.75%
bonds priced at 98.36 to yield 6.90% in 2012; $277.6 million
6.50% bonds priced at 95.10 to yield 6.90% in 2019; $115
million 6.50% bonds priced at 94.15 to yield 6.97% in 2021;
$102 million 5.50% bonds priced at 82.08 to yield 6.92% in
2022. The bonds are rated single-A by Moody's and
single-A-minus by SP, and single-A by Fitch Investors
Service Inc. Bonds maturing in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and
2019 are noncallable. Bonds maturing in 2022 are callable
July 15, 2002, at par. The remainder of the offering is
callable July 15, 2002, at a price of 102, declining to par
on July 15. 2004.
   Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois --
$183.7 million dedicated state tax revenue bonds, Series
1992, due June, 1, 1993-2006, and 2010, were tentatively
priced by a Goldman Sachs group to yield from 4.00% in 1993
to 6.85% in 2010. Current interest serial bonds are priced to
yield from 4.00% in 1993 to 6.75% in 2006. There are $72.6
million 6.75% term bonds priced at 98.96 to yield 6.85% in
2010. The bonds are rated single-A-plus by SP. A rating of
single-A is expected from Moody's.
   North Carolina -- $112.5 million prison and youth services
facilities general obligation bonds, due March 1, 1993-2009,
apparently were won by a First Boston Corp. group with a bid
setting the net interest cost at 6.127%. The bonds, rated
triple-A by both Moody's and SP, were priced for reoffering
to yield from 3.00% in 1993 to 6.40% in 2008 and 2009.
   New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority --
$79.9 million revenue bonds, (Overlook Hospital Association
issue), Series E, due July 1, 1993-2005, 2013 and 2017, were
tentatively priced by a Lazard Freres  Co. group to yield
from 3.60% in 1993 to 6.81% in 2017. Current interest serial
bonds are priced to yield from 3.60% in 1993 to 6.60% in
2005. There are $42 million 6.70% term bonds priced at 98.87
to yield 6.80% in 2013; $2.69 million 6.70% term bonds priced
at 98.625 to yield 6.81% in 2017. The bonds are insured by
Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. and rated triple-A by both
Moody's and SP.
   Illinois Housing Development Authority -- $52.6 million
multifamily housing revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, due July 1,
1993-2004, 2010 and 2026, were tentatively priced by a Bear
Stearns  Co. Inc. group. to yield from 4.20% in 1993 to
7.15% in 2026. Current interest serial bonds are priced to
yield from 4.20% in 1993 to 6.70% in 2004. There are $15.7
million 7.00% term bonds priced at 99.48 to yield 7.05% in
2010; $18.1 million 7.20% term bonds priced at 99.35 to yield
7.15%. Ratings of single-A-1 and single-A-plus are expected
from Moody's and SP, respectively. The bonds are callable
July 1, 2002, at a price of 102, declining to par July 1,
2004. However, the bonds are subject to redemption at the
option of the authority at any time from prepayments,
recovery payments or excess revenues, according to the
underwriter.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kingdom of Denmark (sovereign) -- 1.3 billion European
currency units of domestic 8.50% bonds due April 24, 2002, at
99.27 to yield 8.612% annually, yield margin of six basis
points above the yield on the French Treasury's ECU 8.50%
bonds due 2002. Joint book-runners Unibank and Den Danske
Bank with Morgan Stanley International as a joint
underwriter. One billion ECU will be sold into the market
with the Danish central bank keeping 300 million ECU to be
used for repurchase agreements and other market operations.
Fees 0.325.
   European Investment Bank (supranational) -- $500 million
of Eurobonds due April 7, 1997, with a 7% coupon at 98.87 via
Goldman Sachs International. Yield 7.28% annually, a spread
of 12 basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. Fees
undisclosed.
   Osterreichische Kontrollbank (Austria) -- $200 million of
7.25% Eurobonds due April 22, 1997, at an issue price of
100.905 via J.P. Morgan Securities Ltd. Reoffered at 99.28 to
yield 7.43% annually, a spread of 25 basis points above the
comparable Treasury issue. Guaranteed by the republic of
Austria. Fees 1.875.
   Toyota Motor Credit Corp. (Japan) -- 1.5 billion French
francs of Eurobonds due April 10, 1995, at issue price
101.1375 via Paribas Capital Markets Ltd. Offered to
investors intially at a fixed price of 99.95 to yield 9.27%,
a margin of 0.27 above the comparable French Treasury note.
Fees 1.375.
   Nederlandsche Investergnsbank (Netherlands) -- 200 million
Dutch guilders of 8.25% Eurobonds due April 8, 1997, at an
issue price of 100.70 via Swiss Bank Corp. Reoffered at 99.85
to yield 8.28% annually, a spread of 11 basis points above
the comparable government issue. Fees 1.
   Commerzbank (Germany) -- 150 million Dutch guilders of
8.50% Eurobonds due April 3, 2002, at an issue price of
100.40 via Rabobank Nederland. Reoffered at 99.95 to yield
8.576% annually, a spread of 29 basis points above the 8.25%
Dutch government loan issue maturing in 2002. Interchangeably
with an existing 250 million guilder issue that was launched
March 3. Fees 1.
   World Bank (supranational) -- 150 million ECU of 8.25%
Eurobonds due April 10, 1997, at 99.95 to yield 8.26%
annually via Credit Lyonnais. Fees 0.25.
   Kito Corp. (Japan) -- 60 million Swiss francs of privately
placed 4.125% convertible notes due Sept. 30, 1996, at par,
via Nomura Bank Switzerland. Put option on March 31, 1994, at
109.75 to yield 8.753%. Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is
convertible from April 23, 1992, to Sept. 23, 1996. Terms
will be fixed Monday and will be adjusted for a stock split
planned for May 20. Fees 1.625.