SEC May Clear
   New Financial
   Products Soon
   ----
   By Kevin G. Salwen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In an interview, Ms. Schapiro said that the agency staff
is examining questions raised by each new product, especially
those based on foreign stocks or indexes. "These aren't
cookie-cutter products," she said. "There are a lot of
questions raised about how to {oversee} each market, about
jurisdiction and about customer protection." In some cases,
the agency has found it needs to firm up surveillance
agreements among exchanges in different countries, and that
"makes the job much harder," Ms. Schapiro said.
   Ms. Schapiro said that many of the new products will allow
investors to play European stock indexes through options or
warrants. Others will allow investors to buy warrants on the
Standard  Poor's 500-stock index and 100-stock index.
   Ms. Schapiro said there are more than the usual number of
new products coming through the SEC, many of which the agency
will approve for sale to investors. She attributed the wave
of products to "exchanges and brokers looking for more ways
to compete." In particular, she said, they are "trying to
fill the needs of large investors with multinational
portfolios" -- for example, "broad multinational indexes
certainly serve a purpose for people whose portfolios are
widely diversified."
   Ms. Schapiro said she is eager to approve new products to
allow U.S. exchanges and our firms to be able to compete.
"Some of these products already are trading in Europe, and
with the proper surveillance in place, they ought to be able
to trade in the U.S.," she said.