OTC Focus:
   Nasdaq Stocks Plunge 2.3% as Investors
   Again Take Profits in Technology Issues
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Howard Hoffman
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The number of stocks climbing to new highs, however,
continued to outpace those falling to new lows, 125 to 17.
Total OTC volume rose to 265.4 million shares from 209.7
million Monday.
   Because of an NASD computer snafu, various Nasdaq indexes
remained remarkably stable since shortly after the market
opened -- at sharply lower levels. Most Nasdaq indexes
weren't updated throughout the day because of a gliche in the
system's software, an NASD spokesman said. The Nasdaq
Composite Index remained frozen at 608.89, down 10.49, and
updated only after the market closed, while the Nasdaq 100
index of large non-financial stocks was stuck at 656.08, down
27.54, and the Nasdaq Industrial Index, which includes many
large computer-related stocks, didn't budge at 694.89, down
16.80. The indexes should be updated before the market opens
today, the spokesman said.
   Traders said that investors largely ignored the faulty
indexes as they continued to pocket profits in shares that
have led the recent small-stock rally. Intel, whose shares
soared to 62 last week from 42 in mid-December, fell 2 to 59
1/2. U.S. Healthcare, which had climbed to 50 last week from
35 in mid-December, fell 1 1/8 to 46 5/8.
   Among other computer and medical-related shares, Apple
Computer dropped 2 7/8 to 61 1/8, Lotus Development fell 2
1/4 to 28 3/4, Novell dropped 1 to 56 1/2, Sun Microsystems
slipped 1 5/8 to 31 1/2, Amgen fell 1 1/2 to 66 1/4, Chiron
tumbled 2 1/4 to 63 1/4 and Medical Care International
slipped 3 3/4 to 68.
   "We're getting a crew cut," Jim Collins, small-stock money
manager and publisher of OTC Insight of Moraga, Calif., said.
But Mr. Collins said that he welcomes the correction in
sizzling small stocks. Before jumping wholeheartedly back
into the OTC market, he said he would like to see the Nasdaq
Industrial Index fall to about 650 and the yield on the
Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond inch lower.
   Meanwhile, Mr. Collins said that he had raised about 25%
cash in some accounts and is recommending that clients commit
just 40% of new capital to OTC shares while they remain at
lofty levels. Although he nibbled at some shares yesterday,
Mr. Collins said that he expects OTC stocks to drift lower
for another few weeks before trading in a narrow range along
with the broader market.
   Borland International fell 1 1/2 to 70 1/2 after fiscal
third-quarter earnings late Monday proved disappointing.
Revenue was off and share-earnings were flat at 28 cents.
Borland shares had traded as low as 65 1/2.
   Telxon rose 1/2 to 22 1/2. The microprocessor maker ended
some speculation about its fourth-quarter results when it
predicted Monday that revenue will grow between 14% and 18%
in the quarter.
   Richfood Holdings gained 1/2 to 16 5/8. The food
distributor said fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to 34
cents a share from 22 cents a share a year ago.
   Cybertek fell 1 1/2 to 7 after the software concern Monday
reported fiscal third-quarter net income tumbled to 10 cents
a share from 27 cents a share a year ago.
   York Research shares were off 3/8 to 8 3/8. Fiscal
third-quarter losses widened to 13 cents a share from three
cents a share in the year-ago quarter.
   Spectranetics jumped 3 1/4 points on its first trading
day. Priced at 13 1/2 a share, stock in the medical devices
company closed the day at 16 3/4. Spectranetics makes and
markets lasers and catheters for treating heart problems.
   Immulogic Pharmaceuticals stumbled 1 1/4 to 22 1/2. A two
million-share issue of its common was priced Monday at 22
3/4.
   MCI Communications shares were off 1 to 31 1/8. Its chief
financial officer, Gene Gabbard, plans to resign.