Borden Expects Profit
   In First Quarter to Be
   Flat to Off Slightly
In the 1991 first quarter, Borden had net income of $63.3
million, or 43 cents a share, on $1.7 billion in revenue.
   Mr. D'Amato said the $7.2 billion food, consumer,
packaging and industrial products company will operate in
1992 "with a much improved cost structure," reflecting a 2
1/2-year overhaul and modernization of production and
distribution. For instance, he said, the reconfigured pasta
operation will save $25 million a year.
   He added that Borden will benefit if housing starts
continue to increase; New York-based Borden is the largest
producer of forest products adhesives.
   The company is assuming no snack price increases in 1992,
but short term it will seek to improve margins through major
cost reductions; long term, it will seek to expand snack
marketing in convenience stores as well as outlets such as
club stores, mass merchandisers and military installations.
The company, engaged in a major snack price war in
supermarkets, said it sees no truce soon.
   For the year, Borden said it expects its overall grocery
business to achieve income gains of about 10% despite a
difficult first quarter. The company told analysts that plant
startup completions, lower cheese margins and higher
new-product marketing costs would cut first-half margins.
   The nation's largest dairy company, Borden said it
anticipates 6% sales gains in its dairy business this year,
with ice cream becoming a major contributor.
   Mr. D'Amato also said the company intends to reinvest $80
million in proceeds from its recent sale of Sooner Snacks
into its sweet-snacks business.