Engineer Convicted
   For Illegal Export
   Of Aerospace Material
The engineer failed to obtain proper permits to export the
software, known as the Contam system, part of which is used
in research for the U.S. Strategic Defense Initiative
program. Mr. Hoffman had access to the technology through his
job at Science Applications International Corp., a closely
held company based in San Diego.
   Science Applications wasn't aware of its employee's
illegal activities and the company cooperated with the
government in its investigation, said Stephen A. Mansfield,
an assistant U.S. attorney who coprosecuted the case with
John M. Potter.
   From 1986 to 1990, Mr. Hoffman allegedly sold the software
to Mitsubishi Group, Nissan Motor Co., Toshiba Corp. and
South African interests for a total of about $750,000. When
Mr. Hoffman was arrested in June, Mitsubishi said it didn't
know the software was restricted or that it had "Star Wars"
program applications.
   According to Mr. Mansfield, evidence presented during the
two-month trial showed that the technology exported by Mr.
Hoffman was used by the Air Force in the design of the only
military satellite surveillance system currently in
operation. The system detects enemy launches of ballistic
missiles world-wide and was used in the Persian Gulf War to
detect Iraqi Scud missiles.
   Mr. Hoffman faces a maximum sentence of 96 years in prison
and a fine of $8.5 million, the U.S. attorney's office said.