International:
   Lloyd's of London
   Group Is Settling
   Large Lawsuit
   ----
   By Nicholas Bray
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Representatives of the 985 members of the Outhwaite 1982
Names Association announced an agreement with more than 80
Lloyd's agents concerning a series of losses over the past 10
years relating largely to asbestosis and pollution coverage
in the U.S. The losses were incurred as a result of 32
contracts entered into in 1982 on behalf of more than 1,600
Lloyd's members by lead underwriter Richard Outhwaite. In a
market that over the past few years has plunged into a heavy
overall deficit, these contracts have so far cost members of
Mr. Outhwaite's syndicates #200 million, and claims are still
coming in.
   Hearings in a suit brought by participants in these
syndicates against both Mr. Outhwaite and their own members'
agents for negligence began last October. Under a settlement
reached yesterday, plaintiffs are to receive approximately
90% of what they have already paid out in claims, plus
further sums to cover legal costs, interest and possible
future claims.
   The agreement was hailed by Peter Nutting, the Names
Association chairman, as "a thoroughly satisfactory outcome
of what has been a long and difficult road." It will largely
be paid for out of the defendants' cover for errors and
omissions, mostly provided through policies placed at
Lloyd's.
   But it concerns only the 985 plaintiffs and not the more
than 600 other members of the Outhwaite syndicates who chose
not to sue. And in a twist illustrating the complexity of the
Lloyd's market, many of the beneficiaries will find
themselves paying out part of what they receive to cover
liabilities under errors and omissions insurance they have
underwritten elsewhere.
   As a result, Mr. Nutting said he expected increased
pressure in other cases, where litigation is under way or
being considered, for hesitant members to join rather than to
stand on the sidelines.