Back to Futures:
   An Investor's Guide to Managed Commodity Portfolios
   ---
   Key to Picking Managed Futures
   Is to Focus on Possible Drawdown
   ----
   By Stanley W. Angrist and Elyse Tanouye
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Most investors choose a managed futures fund with stars in
their eyes.
   They look for the trading adviser with a history of
sky-high returns -- the 30% to 60%, even 100% a year that
they have heard is possible in futures.
   But that's a wrong-headed approach, investment
professionals say. Investors should focus on the amount they
can lose, called the drawdown.
   "Commodities should be approached and evaluated as a
business -- how much can I lose? Not, how much can I make?"
says Terry Young, editor of CMA Reports newsletter, based in
Santa Ynez, Calif.
   "We stress drawdown, drawdown, drawdown" in talking to
clients, says Richard Luna, editor of Trading Advisor, based
in Denver. "Look for commodity trading advisers who have good
potential of about 40% to 50% net return and whose drawdowns
are a maximum 20%."
   Investors should determine the amount of loss they can
tolerate and select trading advisers based on their drawdown
record, say investment professionals. As a rule of thumb,
investors shouldn't even consider getting into managed
futures unless they feel comfortable with the possibility of
losing half of their money, they add, even though such large
losses are unusual.
   "When looking at a performance history, assume the worst,"
says Mort Baratz, editor of Managed Account Reports, a
newsletter that tracks the industry. "What's the worst
experience a trading manager has ever had?"
   A manager's drawdowns tend to get smaller with experience,
Mr. Baratz says, so a big loss early in a career shouldn't
eliminate the manager from consideration if there's been
improvement. But beware of the manager whose drawdowns are
growing or little changed in the size or frequency over time,
he warns, even if the manager touts high returns.
   Barclay Trading Group, a firm that tracks trading adviser
performance, found that the 30 trading advisers with the
smallest drawdowns in the firm's database had an average
worst drawdown of 12.7% in the four years ended Sept. 30,
1991.
   But even good traders occasionally experience much bigger
hits. Tom Shanks, the trading adviser for Hawksbill Capital
Management, racked up a spectacular 250% return in 1990, then
dropped 44% in the first six months of 1991. Dinesh Desai of
Desai  Co. earned 123% for his investors in 1987, lost 37%
in 1989 and took a 27% fall in January 1991 as he found
himself on the wrong side of many markets as the Gulf War got
under way.
   Elizabeth Cheval, the trading adviser for EMC Capital
Management, says she always makes it a point to discuss with
prospective investors at length the drawdowns they can expect
if she trades for them. "But it has been my experience that
even if an investor says he is prepared for a 30% drawdown,
he always finds it a worse experience then he imagined when
it happens," she adds. Ms. Cheval has achieved a 43% annual
compound rate of return over the past three years in spite of
several drawdowns in excess of 25%.
   In most cases, investors are willing to give up some of
the potential for spectacular return to reduce the risk of a
big drawdown. The great majority of investors view a drawdown
of more than 20% as intolerable, says Mr. Baratz. More and
more people say they would be happy with a rate of return of
between 20% and 30% a year, but they want to limit their loss
exposure to less than 20%, he says.
   One way to reduce losses in managed futures investments is
to use multi-adviser funds. The general partner or pool
operator selects managers who use different strategies or are
in different futures markets, so their returns aren't likely
to be moving in the same direction at the same time. This
team approach has a tendency to give returns that are lower
than a single adviser might achieve under good market
conditions, but it also reduces drawdowns when profits are
hard to come by.
   A recent study by Michael Garfinkle and Paul Stimson of
Commodities Corp., a large manager of trading advisers, found
there is no ideal number of advisers that produces a maximum
return to a portfolio. They noted that as the number of
advisers assigned to a portfolio increased, its performance
also improved. They also found that the more traders added to
a portfolio the more the maximum drawdown is reduced.
   By law, investors must be sent a disclosure document
before they invest in any form of managed futures, including
an individual account. Investors should pay special attention
to the fees they are being charged, signs of potential
conflicts of interest between trading advisers and the
brokers they use to fill their orders, and the pattern of
past returns and drawdowns of the trading advisers.
   As is the case with all investments, people trying to
select an investment adviser should heed the warning in
disclosure documents that "past results are not necessarily
indicative of future results."
   What about those legendary high returns that attract
investors to managed futures in the first place? Aladdin
Abughazaleh, president of ATA Research Inc., a firm that
gives advice on selecting trading advisers, says investors
should expect to earn 18% to 20% four out of every five years
and be thankful for the occasional year when returns zoom
above 30%.
   From year to year, returns will be highly variable. In
1987, commodity trading advisers on average earned about 53%
for their investors; in 1988 they returned about 9% and in
1989 their investors just broke even. By 1990 returns were up
to 19% on average, and in 1991 they slipped back to a 4.5%
gain. (All returns are net of fees.)
   With so many advisers (at last count there were 2,600
registered with the National Futures Association) and so many
variables to consider, how does the investor choose one? Mr.
Young suggests dividing the average rate of return for the
last three years by the largest drawdown in the period. The
larger the number produced by this calculation, he says, the
more attractive the investment.
   The table accompanying this article lists the performance
of funds open to U.S. investors that don't require an initial
investment of more than $50,000. All these funds achieved
returns that were at least six times their worst drawdowns in
the three years ended Dec. 31.
   ---
                  Funds Worth Considering
                                                                                                       

   These 13 futures funds have had good performance over the
past three years, and have three-year returns that are at
least six times larger than maximum declines in account
equity.
                                                                                                       

                         MINIMUM
   FUND NAME          INVESTMENT REWARD TO 3-YEAR MAXIMUM
 (PHONE NUMBER)      (Fund size,    RISK*  RETURN DRAWDOWN**
                       millions)
                                                                                                       

 TGS LP                  $25,000    19.6    100.3%   -5.1%
 (3 advisers)               $1.6
 402-434-2133
                                                                                                       

 Trinity Advisers        $50,000    11.6     83.2    -7.2
 (1 adviser)                $5.1
 800-854-5577
                                                                                                       

 Navigator Fund          $10,000     8.9     54.2    -6.1

 800-745-4683
                                                                                                       

 Brandywine Prtns        $25,000     8.1     97.9   -12.1
 (2 advisers)               $3.8
 215-692-8200
                                                                                                       

 Fort Tryon Fut. Fd      $50,000     7.7     61.7    -8.0
 (6 advisers)              $19.3
 212-751-4510
                                                                                                       

 ATA Res./ProFut.        $10,000     7.7     66.5    -8.7
 (9 advisers)              $27.1
 800-348-3601
                                                                                                       

 Insti. Futrs Fund       $50,000     7.6     91.9   -12.1
 (1 adviser)                $9.3
 301-296-3301
                                                                                                       

 NPGC Fund LP            $50,000     7.2     77.5   -10.8
 (4 advisers)               $3.9
 816-756-1060
                                                                                                       

 Trendstat Fund          $10,000     6.8    108.4   -16.0
 (1 adviser)                $4.8
 800-745-4683
                                                                                                       

 Davco Fut. Fund         $25,000     6.5    161.2   -25.0
 (1 adviser)               $18.2
 619-259-8911
                                                                                                       

 SAM I LP                $50,000     6.4     78.6   -12.2
 (12 advisers)              $5.2
 619-792-7133
                                                                                                       

 Liberty Glbl Fund       $25,000     6.4    197.1   -30.9
 (1 adviser)                $8.2
 806-763-5959
                                                                                                       

 Brandywine Prtns III    $25,000     6.2    201.5   -32.5
 (1 adviser)                $2.1
 215-692-8200
                                                                                                       

   And For Comparison
                                                                                                       

 MAR Pool Index                      1.9     22.4   -12.0
                                                                                                       

 SP 500 w/dividends                 4.6     66.4   -14.4
 reinvested
                                                                                                       

 Shearson long-term                  7.5     50.2    -6.7
 gov't bond index
                                                                                                       

   *Ratio of three-year return to maximum drop in account
equity during the period ended Dec. 31, 1991.
   **Maximum drop in account equity during the three years
ended Dec. 31, 1991.