OTC Focus:
   Index Advances 1.3% to Another High;
   Trimedyne Shares Continue to Surge
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Medical-device maker Trimedyne, the day's second-most
active OTC issue, jumped 3 5/8 to a 52-week high of 14 5/8 on
3.4 million shares, nearly 16 times average daily volume.
Trimedyne has more than doubled since Friday, when the
Irvine, Calif., company said it received clearance from the
Food and Drug Administration for a new laser treatment aimed
at relieving lower back pain by easing pressure on inflamed
spinal disks.
   Trimedyne appears to be negotiating a turnaround after a
turbulent past few years, when it failed to make significant
inroads in the fiercely competitive market for laser
treatments of cardiovascular problems. Since 1988, its shares
have traded as high as 24 and as low as 1 1/4 as revenue slid
nearly 77% to $7.5 million in fiscal 1991, ended in
September, from $32.5 million two years earlier; Trimedyne
had a 1991 loss of $6.3 million compared with profit of $1.3
million two years earlier. Its cash and cash equivalents
eased to $4.2 million in fiscal 1991 from $5.4 million a year
earlier.
   Strapped for cash, Trimedyne officials have appeared in
Boston and New York this week in an effort to raise $10
million in a private placement being managed by James Capel 
Co. Potential investors who attended the meetings said that
company officials indicated they hope to break even in the
quarter ended in September 1992, helped in part by an
agreement with C.R. Bard to market a catheter recently
approved for use in urological and gynecological problems.
   Richard Demmer, Trimedyne executive vice president,
declined in an interview to estimate when the company will
break even, but said it expects to "have a better year." Mr.
Demmer acknowledged that the company has competition --
Coherent Inc. of Palo Alto, Calif., recently won clearance
for a similar treatment for lower back pain. About six larger
companies and at least 11 smaller ones also are involved in
developing laser treatments for various ailments. But Mr.
Demmer said a string of recent approvals for its products,
which use a different technique than previously, "can only
help us."
   Some of the market's largest technology issues posted
sharp gains. Apple Computer jumped 2 1/2 to 64 1/2, Lotus
Development added 3/4 to 30 1/4, Microsoft rose 1 1/8 to 128
1/4 and Adobe Systems advanced 4 1/4 to 64.
   Software Publishing gained 2 to 20 1/2. Robertson,
Stephens  Co. analyst Peter Rogers upgraded his short-term
rating on the stock to "buy" from "hold," Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said. The analyst expects the
company's fiscal 1992 earnings to get a boost from sales of a
new version of its Harvard Graphics desktop publishing
software for Microsoft's Windows operating environment.
   Xilinx soared 5 to 29 3/4 on heavy volume of 1.7 million
shares after it reported earnings of 24 cents a share for its
third quarter, ended Dec. 28, up from 18 cents a share a year
earlier. Revenue at the software concern climbed to $32.2
million from $26.3 million.
   Elsewhere, Price Co. lost 1 3/4 to 47 after it reported
net income of 99 cents a share for its first quarter, ended
last month, up from 94 cents a share a year earlier but just
below the mean analyst estimate of $1 a share reported by
First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks. Revenue at
the warehouse-style retailer, however, rose to $2.5 billion
from $2.2 billion.
   DeKalb Genetics advanced 3 1/2 to 32 after it posted
earnings of 51 cents a share for the first quarter, ended
Nov. 30, up from 17 cents a share a year ago. It attributed
the strong earnings primarily to its seed sale operations in
Argentina.
   Choice Drug Systems slumped 2 3/4 to 7 3/4 despite its
report that third-quarter net income reached seven cents a
share, compared with net from operations of five cents a
share a year earlier.
   National Pizza gained 1 5/8 to 8 3/4. Shearson Lehman
Brothers analyst Caroline Levy upgraded her investment rating
on the stock, Dow Jones Professional Investor Report said.
She expects the company's sales to improve, aided in part by
a new television advertising campaign for its franchised
Pizza Hut locations.
   Meanwhile, shares of several companies slid on news about
earnings.
   Cherokee Inc. slipped 3/4 to 3 3/4. The company reported a
second-quarter loss of 16 cents a share, compared with a
yearago deficit of 20 cents a share. Sales at the Sunland,
Calif., apparel and footwear manufacturer eased to $43.5
million from $53.3 million.
   Supertex dropped 5/8 to 5. It estimated its earnings for
the third quarter, ended last month, at $700,000, down 14%
from the year-ago level. Revenue for the period, though, rose
15% to $6.9 million.
   Criticare Systems fell 5/8 to 6 3/8 after it recorded
second-quarter net income of four cents a share, down from
five cents a share a year earlier. The company said
litigation expenses reduced its latest quarter's net by about
two cents a share.
   Keptel, though, added 5/8 to 3 3/4. It earned 11 cents a
share in the first quarter, ended last month, against net of
seven cents a share a year ago. The company said
restructuring moves in the fiscal 1991 fourth quarter helped
to lift its profit in the latest quarter.