Profit-Growth
   Forecasts for Asia
   Fell in January
   ----
   By Steven E. Levingston
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Korea had a steep six-percentage-point drop to projected
earnings growth of 11%. Japan, the Philippines and Thailand
all slid one percentage point. The forecast for Japan was 5%;
the Philippines, 30%; and Thailand, 16%.
   New Zealand had a two percentage-point increase to 15%,
while Hong Kong's projection rose one percentage point to
19%.
   Uncertainty among analysts was particularly pronounced in
the earnings-growth forecasts for Korea. That country's
projection of 11% profit growth fell to a 7% earnings decline
after considering disagreement among analysts.
   Japan and Thailand also showed significant swings in
projections after divergence among analysts was considered.
Japan's 5% growth forecast became a 2% earnings drop, while
Thailand's 16% increase turned into a 1% decline.
   IBES, a unit of securities house Lynch, Jones  Ryan of
New York, arrives at its projections by combining per-share
earnings estimates for companies' current fiscal year with
forecasts for the coming year. Its calculations are based on
earnings projections from thousands of analysts' company and
market reports. IBES doesn't provide estimates for Taiwan and
Indonesia because of insufficient data.
   The IBES statistics include a figure for revisions to
earnings-growth projections during the month, expressed as a
percentage showing whether upward or downward revisions
predominated. The revisions were mostly negative in January.
   In Korea, negative revisions outnumbered positive ones by
31.1%. In Japan, revisions were negative for the 15th
consecutive month, down 12.1%. In the Philippines, the figure
was 11.7%, while in Australia, it was 7.4%. Singapore's
revisions were negative by 5.7%; New Zealand's, by 3.4%;
Thailand's, by 2%; Hong Kong's, by 0.4%; and Malaysia's, by
0.3%.
   The IBES report also contains figures on price-earnings
ratios. Regional P-Es were mostly higher in January. Only
Japan's P-E fell, to 34.8 from 35.7 in December. Korea was at
16.3, up from 15; Singapore, at 16.3, up from 16.2; Malaysia,
at 14.9, up from 14.7; Australia, at 14.7, up from 14.3;
Thailand, at 12, up from 11.7; New Zealand, at 10.3, up from
10; Hong Kong, at 9.2, up from 9; and the Philippines, at 8,
up from 7.2.
   Statistics on earnings growth and P-E ratios are useful to
money managers in determining which markets and individual
stocks to trade. In the long term, stock prices generally
track earnings-growth patterns.