York International
   Sets New Offering
   That Undoes LBO
   ----
   By Robert J. Brennan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Citicorp and Prudential largely financed the
management-led buy-out of York for $750 million, and together
held almost 70% of York's equity while it was private.
Selling their stakes would raise needed cash to help each
company shore up capital levels. Officials of Citicorp and
Prudential weren't immediately available for comment.
   York reported a 1991 loss of $4.3 million, or 18 cents a
share, compared with net income of $12.8 million, or 64 cents
a share, in 1990. But last year included a charge of $17.3
million for debt restructuring, while 1990 included a gain of
$8.8 million. On an operating basis, York's earnings tripled
to $13 million. Sales were up 14% to $1.65 billion.
   York first went public at $23 a share in October. Friday,
its shares were down after the announcement of the second
offering, closing at $31.50, off $1.375, in New York Stock
Exchange composite trading. At Friday's close, the new
offering would have an indicated value of nearly $650
million.
   A copy of the prospectus for the offering wasn't
immediately available Friday, and York officials couldn't
comment beyond a short statement about the planned offering.
In the prospectus for the October initial public offering of
10.7 million shares, York indicated that the investor group
including management would retain a stake of about 62%.
   Based on the size of the current planned offering, most of
York's shares outstanding would again be publicly traded.
York first became a separate, publicly traded company in 1986
as a spinoff from Borg-Warner Corp.