Corrections  Amplifications
VULCAN INTERNATIONAL Co.'s chairman, Benjamin Gettler,
purchased 25,000 shares of the company's stock for $375,000
last Dec. 19. Because of an error in information provided by
Invest/Net, the number of shares and the dollar amount of the
transaction were misstated in Wednesday's Insider Trading
Spotlight table.
   ---
   DILLON, READ  Co., the investment banking firm, was sold
in November by Travelers Corp. to an investment group
comprising the firm's management and British merchant banking
firm Barings PLC. Dillon Read was incorrectly identified as a
Travelers subsidiary in earlier editions.
   (See: "Who's News: Travelers Corp." -- WSJ Jan. 22, 1992)
   ---
   VIGORO Corp.'s second-quarter earnings of 33 cents a share
were better than the average of analysts' estimates of 22
cents a share, resulting in a positive earnings surprise of
50%. Because of an error in the Zacks Investment Research
data base, the average of analysts' estimates was misstated
in yesterday's Quarterly Earnings Surprises table.
   (See: "Quarterly Earnings Surprises" -- WSJ Jan. 23, 1992)
   ---
   NEW YORK STATE ENERGY RESEARCH  DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY's
$100 million of facilities revenue bonds are rated double-A-2
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. In yesterday's edition, the
utility-project bonds, priced Wednesday by a Goldman Sachs
group, were incorrectly said to have carried a lower Moody's
rating, and the authority's name was misstated.
   (See: "Credit Markets: Most Bond Price Fall, Despite Good
Demand At Treasury's Record Two-Year Note Auction" -- WSJ
Jan. 23, 1992, and "New Securities Issues" -- WSJ Jan. 23,
1992)