USX to Shut Plant
   After Deciding
   Against Buy-Out
   ----
   By Clare Ansberry
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, USX's U.S.
Steel Group fell 37.5 cents to $26.375.
   "There's no room for integrateds anymore," said John
Jacobson, an analyst with AUS Consultants, who expects
Bethlehem will ultimately close its plant. He noted that
previously only integrated plants could make the large
structural beams, but Nucor Corp., Chaparral Steel and
Northwestern Steel  Wire, are all breaking into that market.
   U.S. Steel's proposed departure is clearly good news for
those minimills, but it's hardly a windfall. The construction
market is in the doldrums and the structural market is
already saturated. Last year, structural shipments totaled
about 5.6 million tons, down from 6.1 million tons in 1990,
according to Mr. Jacobson. Meanwhile, capacity amounted to
7.8 million tons, including about 800,000 tons from the South
Chicago works.
   U.S. Steel took a $322 million charge last year when it
announced, among other plant restructurings, that the company
was studying an employee buy-out of the South Works with the
United Steelworkers of America, which represents about 585 of
the plant's 690 employees. Under a labor pact, the union has
the option to make other proposals before a final closing
decision is made, but none are expected.
   The company has had problems making the South Works
profitable for years, but U.S. Steel said the closing was
prompted by the failure of the ESOP, along with inroads by
non-union and lower-cost union minimills, low level of
construction activity, and depressed prices.
   "We had hoped that the ESOP plan would prove feasible,"
said U.S. Steel President Thomas J. Usher. "But,
unfortunately, the study underscored the nature of today's
structural competition, marked by increased participation by
minimill producers with significant cost advantages."