Business Brief:
   Child World Closes 26 Stores in 3 Cities,
   Will Take $20 Million 4th-Period Charge
In its year-earlier fourth quarter, which ended Feb. 2,
1991, the company had a loss of $162 million, or $14.21 a
share, including restructuring charges of $164 million. Sales
for the quarter were $363 million.
   Child World said the closings will boost earnings from
continuing operations by about $15 million in 1992.
   The closings reflect an increasingly competitive toy
market in which the financially weaker are being muscled out.
Major chains such as Toys "R" Us Inc., Kmart Corp., Wal-Mart
Stores Inc. and Dayton Hudson Corp.'s Target stores are well
established in many of the areas that Child World is leaving.
The chain that stands to gain the most is Toys "R" Us, whose
stores are either alongside or close to Child World outlets.
   The closings will make available an estimated $70 million
to $80 million in annual toy business to competitors,
analysts said. The action, preceded by closings of 35 other
stores by Child World and 25 by Lionel Corp. last year,
practically eliminates competition for Toys "R" Us in the
Southwest and Western U.S. in the toy-supermarket arena, said
Daniel Barry, analyst for Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   Child World said its plan to scale back operations will
free up more than $35 million invested in inventory and
enable the company to reinstitute a "layaway" system for
cash-strapped customers. Under the plan, customers,
especially those without credit cards, can make large
purchases by paying for them in advance in small
installments. For Child World, which tried to eliminate
layaway last year partly because it was difficult to manage,
the plan should lure back a few customers.