Business Brief:
   Steelworkers Union Agrees to Negotiate
   With LTV Unit on New Labor Contract
Presidents of the locals representing 13,400 members at 13
LTV Steel plants met this week to discuss options after the
company and its creditors announced terms of the plan earlier
this month. At the time, the company and its creditors said
concessions were vital to the viability of the reorganization
plan, and that the contract had to be renegotiated by the end
of April, in time for a scheduled hearing on the plan.
   "Their apparent objective is to win the power to
unilaterally cut our compensation, insurance, and other
benefits," the union presidents said in a resolution. "This
misguided strategy guarantees a work stoppage and makes
eventual agreement that much more difficult to achieve."
   The new plan would give unsecured creditors stock in the
reorganized company in lieu of cash. It doesn't propose, as
earlier plans did, devoting future cash flow to pension
funds.
   The current labor contract with LTV Steel is in effect
until Aug. 1, 1993, or the end of bankruptcy proceedings,
whichever comes sooner. LTV Steel said it was "pleased the
union is prepared to enter into meaningful contract
negotiations."
   The union has recently rebuffed requests for reopening
contract talks with Inland Steel Industries Inc. and USX
Corp.'s U.S. Steel Group.