International:
   Siemens AG to Lead
   Renovation of Berlin
   To Warsaw Railroad
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Siemens would be in line to get about 40% of the revenue
from the contract if and when it is approved, a Siemens
spokesman said. He added it is too early to say exactly how
the contract will be divided.
   Two other German companies that are in line for contracts
are Hochtief AG and Dyckerhoff  Widmann AG, or Dywidag, both
large German construction groups.
   The Polish government views the rail project as a way of
deepening increasing its integration into western Europe.
"The project is therefore a pioneer for a series of further
modernization measures for the nations in the Commonwealth of
Independent States," Siemens said.
   Both passenger and freight traffic will travel on the
stretch. For passenger traffic, trains from the InterCity
rail system for western European nations will use the
refurbished rails, which will pass over the border at
Frankfurt an der Oder on the German side and Kunowice on the
Polish side.
   Siemens said it has gotten a number of "positive signals"
from its financing sources but also cautioned that the
agreement isn't final yet. Also involved in the financing
talks is the European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development, which was created to promote market reforms and
privatization in Eastern Europe.
   The letter of intent was signed Friday by officials from
Siemens with the Polish Federal Railway PKP, as well as the
Central European Eurocity Commission, a German-based rail
consultant, which is acting as adviser on the project.
   Work would begin this year, if approved. It includes
modern facilities for electrified trains, rebuilt switches
and communications as well as new embankments, bridges and
other infrastructure. Construction contracts will be farmed
out to a host of local contractors.