Justices to Hear
   Massachusetts Case
   Involving Census
   ----
   By Paul M. Barrett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The first case, which involves the mathematical method by
which Congress apportions House seats, was started by
Montana, which is slated to lose one of its two
representatives. The justices are expected to issue decisions
in both cases by early summer, well before the November
elections.
   Apportionment of House seats is based on the federal
census, conducted by the Commerce Department once every 10
years. The Massachusetts dispute focuses on the inclusion in
the 1990 census of 922,810 U.S. citizens -- primarily members
of the armed forces -- who are living abroad. Federal
census-takers haven't always included such citizens in their
head count. Massachusetts, after realizing that inclusion of
the people abroad would result in its losing one of its 11
House seats, filed suit to challenge the practice.
   A special three-judge federal court in Boston ruled last
month in favor of Massachusetts. The lower court concluded
that the government had failed to provide an adequate
explanation for the method it used to identify the home
states of U.S. personnel stationed abroad. The Commerce
Department had relied on military people's own designation of
their "home of record," which is required upon enlistment.
The court called this method "arbitrary."
   The lower court directed that the people overseas should
be excluded from the census, allowing Massachusetts to retain
its 11 House members and denying Washington state its
expected increase from eight to nine representatives.
   The Bush administration appealed to the Supreme Court,
arguing that the lower court had exceeded its authority and
committed an "unprecedented intrusion" into political matters
properly controlled by Congress and the executive branch. The
high court scheduled oral arguments in the case for April 21.
(Franklin vs. Massachusetts).