Mazda Motor
   Shuts U.S. Plant
   For Two Weeks
   ----
   By Neal Templin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A Mazda spokesman maintained that the production halts had
been scheduled for more than a year and aren't related to a
sales slowdown. He characterized them as an "orderly
build-out" as the plant geared up to build new versions of
the Probe, as well as of the two Mazda models built there --
the 626 midsized sedan and the MX-6 sports coupe.
   However, inventory levels of all three cars built at Flat
Rock are very high. As of Jan. 31, Ford dealers had a
whopping 260-day supply of Probes, according to Ward's
Automotive Reports, a trade letter. A 60-day to 65-day supply
is considered normal. Mazda, meanwhile had a 120-day supply
of the 626 and MX-6.
   The Flat Rock facility is one of eight Japanese
car-assembly plants in the U.S., but it isn't the only one
that can't keep its order books filled. Last year the
Subaru-Isuzu America joint venture factory in Lafayette, Ind.
built only 57,000 vehicles -- just 26% of its capacity --
because of low demand for the Subaru Legacy cars and Isuzu
trucks built there.
   But Subaru's parent -- Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. -- and
Isuzu Motors Ltd. both are struggling. Mazda, in contrast, is
one of Japan's Big Five auto makers, and its shutdown in Flat
Rock is highly unusual for a company of its size and
strength.
   The Mazda plant, which opened in 1987, has a capacity of
240,000 vehicles, but built only 166,000 cars last year.
   Flat Rock stopped producing vehicles last Friday and will
begin producing MX-6 cars again on Feb. 24. Production of the
626 model is scheduled to resume in March.
   The Probe sports coupe was a red-hot seller after it was
introduced in 1988. But the car is struggling now and Ford
will begin selling a new Probe this spring. Last year, Ford
sold 76,000 Probes, a 42% drop from the 134,000 Probes it
sold two years earlier.
   In 1989, there was a three-month waiting list for Probes
at Roy O'Brien Ford in St. Clair Shores, Mich. Today, the
dealership has 25 Probes sitting in its lot. Many prospective
buyers have gotten wind of the new Probe, and are staying out
of the market until it comes out, said Tony Lafata, Roy
O'Brien's sales manager.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   THE SUBARU-ISUZU AUTOMOTIVE Inc. plant in Lafayette, Ind.,
produced 116,297 cars and trucks last year. In Thursday's
edition the plant's production was misstated.
   (WSJ Feb. 18, 1992)