REVIEW  OUTLOOK (Editorial):
   China's Mussolini on Tour
As it is, Mr. Li will fraternize with Presidents and Prime
Ministers in Davos, Switzerland, courtesy of the World
Economic Forum that opens there Friday. Mr. Li will then fly
to New York for a special 15-nation meeting of the United
Nations Security Council. The pomp surrounding these events
will no doubt be grandly reported by the state-run media in
China, evidence that the West respects and supports the
"stability" of Chinese communism.
   The crowning touch to Mr. Li's rehabilitation in the West
would be a meeting in the U.S. with President Bush. Press
reports yesterday suggested that there indeed would be such a
powwow this Friday between the leader of the Free World and
this Chinese Mussolini (the many anti-Soviet democrats who
had so much trouble getting past the White House gate would
be grimly amused). But rather than offer a televised
handshake to China's communists, Mr. Bush could better show
respect for the Chinese people by publicly assuring them that
he understands the deeply unstable nature of China's
Communist regime, and therefore sees no point to meeting with
a representative of one of the world's last surviving
Communist parties.
   Western leaders and Mr. Bush's aides can legitimately
argue that Mr. Li does speak, for now, for a gang that
controls a few important chips in world affairs. Beijing last
year was accused by the U.S. State Department of selling
nuclear weapons technology to Algeria and Iran. And there is
the familiar wisdom that because Beijing's communists manage
to repress and impoverish the 1.1. billion mainland Chinese
who make up fully one-fifth of the human race, China can't be
ignored.
   Then let us not ignore China. Let's pay close attention to
the whispers of underground democracy movements, and let's
observe carefully the nervousness and fear with which China's
communists choke off any murmur of dissent, lest it mushroom
into the next Tiananmen.