Xerox's Crum Unit
   Says Monsanto
   Awarded Damages
   ----
   By Susan Pulliam
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Jury verdicts are often reduced or knocked down by judges
or appellate courts. Crum  Forster, a Basking Ridge, N.J.,
unit of Xerox's financial services unit, denied all charges
when the suit was filed and says it will appeal the jury's
findings. Xerox is based in Stamford, Conn.
   The actual award will not be known until the court enters
a judgment in the case, and no judgment is likely until a
separate trial is held on Monsanto's request for payment of
attorney's fees.
   It is unclear whether Crum  Forster will have to pay the
damages. Analysts said, however, that the company could move
to set up reserves for such a payout in the first quarter,
which would reduce earnings of Xerox by 50 cents to 80 cents
a share. Xerox's share price fell $2.375 Friday in New York
Stock Exchange composite trading to close at $76.375.
   One industry analyst said the drop in Xerox's share price
may have been only partly related to the announcement as the
company's stock was falling prior to news of the jury award.
The analyst also said that Xerox's results would not be
affected if the company has already set aside reserves for
the lawsuit.
   Crum  Forster said the jury award consists of several
parts -- $13.1 million, subject to trebling, in connection
with claims-handling and alleged misrepresentation; $13.1
million, subject to trebling, in connection with claims
litigation; and $13.1 million for breach of the duty of good
faith and fair dealing. The jury award also includes $50
million for exemplary damages.