Albertson's Ends Bid
   To Buy Super Food's
   Operations in Florida
Albertson's, a Boise, Idaho, supermarket chain with 560
stores nationwide, including 66 in Florida, was considering
buying Super Food's wholesale food-distribution warehouse and
delivery equipment, machinery and other assets in Florida.
The deal hinged on whether the union representing Super Food
employees in Florida would accept Albertson's offer.
   Earlier this month, Local 385 of the International
Brotherhood of Teamsters rejected Albertson's purchase
proposal. Super Food Chairman Jack Twyman said the union vote
was "tainted" by irregularities, including misinformation
about the union leadership's position on Albertson's offer.
He said a re-vote is scheduled for March 28.
   However, Albertson's said it will abide by the union's
initial vote. "Our offer is no longer on the table," said a
spokesman for Albertson's. "We have heard nothing about any
allegation of any tainted vote. We are moving foward and are
not going to be involved in any further negotiations."
   Super Food's Mr. Twyman said proceeds of the sale would
have been used to pay down debt, retire stock or make
acquisitions.
   Super Food said it is prepared to "proceed with
litigation" against Albertson's for breach of contract, among
other claims, against the company and its employees. Said Mr.
Saldin at Albertson's, "We did not have a signed agreement
with either of those parties."