OTC Focus:
   Index Gains 0.82% as Shares Continue
   To Zigzag; Traders See More of Same
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Traders said they see little evidence that the pattern
will be broken soon. Leslie Seff, head of Nasdaq trading at
Gruntal  Co., said he doesn't expect sustained strength to
return until "leadership emerges again. And I don't see that
happening at the moment."
   Robert O'Toole Sr., head of Nasdaq institutional sales at
Lehman Brothers, agreed that Nasdaq stocks will remain in
their recent range for the near term. But he sees the market
rallying again in time. "I still think people realize that
there are no yields out there, and you have to be in this
market," Mr. O'Toole said.
   New York Stock Exchange issues also snapped back from
their weakness, but their recovery wasn't as complete. The
Dow Jones Industrial Average, which fell more than 47 points
a day earlier, rose 19.90, or 0.62%. The New York Stock
Exchange Composite Index advanced 0.73, or 0.32%.
   Advancing Nasdaq issues outpaced decliners, 1,282 to 935.
National Market System volume totaled 178,200,000 shares,
down from Wednesday's 208,510,000.
   One of the market's recent leadership groups --
biotechnology shares -- did post gains yesterday, but
computer technology, the other highflyer, remained mixed.
Amgen, the market's largest biotech stock, soared 4 1/4 to 71
3/4, while Chiron gained 2 1/2 to 58, Biogen climbed 2 1/4 to
31 1/4 and Centocor added 1 3/4 to 52.
   Immunex rocketed 5 3/8 to 62. It entered an agreement with
Bristol-Myers Squibb related to cancer therapeutics. The
companies will coordinate development of an Immunex blood
cell stimulant, while Immunex will receive U.S. rights to two
Bristol-Myers cancer drugs.
   Among computer technology issues, Apple Computer added 1/2
to 63 3/4, Microsoft lost 1 to 123 1/2, Novell gained 5/8 to
57 1/4 and Sun Microsystems advanced 1 1/2 to 31 3/8.
   Autodesk fell 1/4 to 34 1/2. After the market closed, the
Sausalito, Calif., maker of computer-aided design software
said that it expects earnings for the fourth quarter, ending
today, will range from 30 cents to 35 cents a share, down
sharply from year-earlier profit of 53 cents a share and well
below analysts' expectations of 64 cents a share reported by
First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks. Autodesk's
shares were lower in after-hours trading on Instinet, a unit
of Reuters Holdings PLC, where about 40,000 shares traded and
the last sale occurred at 32 1/4.
   Lotus Development shares gained 2 1/4 to 34 after it
reported fourth-quarter net from operations of 56 cents a
share, compared with earnings from operations of 50 cents a
share a year ago. The software concern said it had record
sales in nearly all of its products.
   Christine Callies, a market analyst at Cowen  Co., said
she expects OTC stocks to reach a near-term high this quarter
-- if they haven't already peaked. She said both the Nasdaq
Composite Index and the Nasdaq 100 Index -- which tracks
large nonfinancial stocks -- have made important moves above
12-year price-trend ranges.
   "Any market that does this becomes highly unstable after a
very short period of time," Ms. Callies said. Making this
type of high signals the "terminal stage" of a rally, she
said, adding that corrections from these levels are often
abrupt.
   Infinity Broadcasting, which was the subject of an initial
public offering yesterday, closed at 18, on market-leading
volume of 5.2 million shares. The radio station operator,
based in New York, offered 6.1 million shares, priced at
$17.50 each.
   Noel Group, another IPO, finished at 11, unchanged from
its pricing level. The issue was increased to 10 million
shares from an originally planned 7.5 million. Noel is a
holding company based in New York.
   Shares of new issue Corvas International ended at 12, also
unchanged from their pricing. The biopharmaceutical company's
offering was increased to three million shares from a planned
two million.
   Elsewhere, Midlantic eased 3/8 to 7 after the Edison,
N.J., banking company reported a fourth-quarter loss of $2.16
a share, wider than its year-ago deficit of 36 cents a share.
   Ballard Medical jumped 2 1/4 to 44 1/2. The company
declared a 3-for-2 stock split, payable to stock of record
Feb. 7.
   Pentair gained 3/4 to 43 after the company reported
fourth-quarter earnings of $1.14 a share, up from year-ago
net of 88 cents. Sales rose to $295.6 million from $293.9
million.
   Standard Register rose 3/4 to 15. The company recorded
fourth-quarter earnings of 45 cents a share, reversing a
year-earlier loss of seven cents a share. Last year's figures
included a restructuring charge.
   Charter One Financial gained 2 to 28 1/4. The company
reported fourth-quarter earnings of $1.25 a share, up from
net of 56 cents last year. Latest-quarter figures included a
gain of $3.8 million from the sale of investments, compared
with a similar gain of $922,000 a year earlier.