GM Recalling Some
   Of Its '91 Cars; Ford
   Calls in '92 Vehicles
GM officials said that if the guide loop is cracked and
the vehicle is involved in a collision, the safety belts may
not properly protect front-seat occupants. About 3% of the
parts have this condition, but to find them, GM will recall
all the cars that could possibly be affected. The affected
vehicles include certain Chevrolet Cavaliers and Pontiac
Sunbirds as well as Buick Regal, Chevrolet Lumina, Pontiac
Grand Prix and Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme models.
   A GM spokesman warned that the problem isn't likely to be
detectable by the naked eye, and owners who are notified
should take their cars in to dealers for inspection. The
cracks in the guide loops occurred during their manufacture,
GM said. It added that it had no reports of accidents or
injuries resulting from the problem.
   In the Ford recall, the auto maker explained that in some
cases, water may enter and accumulate in the door latch
release cable. If the water freezes, the cables may become
inoperative. The door may then appear to be fully latched
when it is not. Partial latching could result in the door
being jarred open unexpectedly. The condition also may result
in an inoperative inside door handle or in the door not
relatching once it is opened.
   To correct the condition, dealers will install revised
door-latch control cables designed to better protect against
water entry. Ford also said it will advise owners to lock the
doors using the inside door lock button, which may reduce the
chance of a door opening unexpectedly. Ford said it had no
reports of accidents or injuries resulting from the problem.