What's News --
   Business and Finance
Bentsen plans to propose a scaled-back tax credit for
children, a capital-gains tax cut and expanded benefits for
retirement accounts, with the cost paid by tax boosts on the
rich.
                                                                                                       

   The IRS's new chief said bolstering small business's
compliance with tax laws will be a top priority.
   ---
   The thrift bailout agency agreed to sell a portfolio of
Florida real estate for $450 million to a Morgan Stanley fund
and home builder Lennar. The price is about 50% of the
portfolio's value listed on the books of the failed SL from
which it was seized.
   ---
   McCrory filed for Chapter 11 protection, citing a lack of
credit from the retailer's suppliers and an inability to
refinance some debt. The filing listed $542.7 million in
liabilities.
   ---
   A friendly takeover's investment banking and legal costs
aren't fully tax deductible in the year they are incurred but
must be depreciated over time, the Supreme Court ruled.
   ---
   Saks Fifth Avenue is getting $300 million in new equity
from Investcorp, the specialty retailer's Bahrain-based
parent. The money will be used to pay some of Saks's debt.
   ---
   Orders for durable goods climbed 1.5% last month, partly
rebounding from a 5.1% slide in December. Orders for
nondefense capital goods surged 9.1%, encouraging analysts.
   ---
   Drexel's Chapter 11 reorganization plan was challenged by
more than 70 creditors, including the IRS. But negotiations
under way could resolve the most serious disputes.
   ---
   Prudential Securities gave more than 21,000 customers
erroneous data on their bond investments, possibly leading
many to pay too much tax.
   ---
   Hewlett-Packard intends to unveil this year a machine that
attaches to a television and would allow viewers to shop and
bank from home and participate in interactive TV programs.
   ---
   Short interest jumped 27% among the smallest
over-the-counter stocks in the latest monthly period but rose
only 2.4% among all OTC issues.
   ---
   India agreed to boost enforcement of U.S. copyrights and
trademarks but didn't promise adequate protection for drug
patents, the U.S. said. Talks on the issue are continuing.
   ---
   LTV signed a definitive pact to sell its aircraft and
missiles businesses to Lockheed and Martin Marietta for $355
million in cash and stock. But competing bidders may yet
emerge.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks climbed, pushing the Nikkei index up 339.22,
or 1.6%, to 21364.77. London shares also rose. The Frankfurt
market hit a 52-week high.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 240,690,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3283.32, up 25.49; transportation 1443.76, up 13.64;
utilities 205.81, up 1.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4212.89, up 43.76.
   Commodities: Oil $18.46 a barrel, off two cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.89, up 0.37; spot index 118.97, up 0.17.
   Dollar: 129.15 yen, off 0.65; 1.6460 marks, off 0.0119.