Easel Indicates
   4th-Quarter Results
   Climbed Sharply
   ----
   By William M. Bulkeley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Kahn endorsed what he called the high end of analysts'
estimates of fourth-quarter net income of $1.4 million, or 25
cents a share, up 75% from year-earlier operating earnings of
$800,475, or 15 cents a share, before a tax-loss
carry-forward. In the year-ago quarter, a tax credit of
$259,000 brought net income to $1.1 million, or 20 cents a
share. Easel had used up its tax credits by the beginning of
the latest fourth quarter.
   The upper end of analysts' revenue estimates for the
quarter is $9.1 million, up from year-earlier fourth-quarter
revenue of $5.3 million.
   Easel makes $12,000 software tools used by corporate
computer programmers to design easy-to-use graphical screens
for computer users and $350 programs that let those screens
run on users' personal computers. It has been one of the
fastest-growing software makers in the past two years and has
become a stock market favorite, more than quintupling in
price since its $8-a-share initial public offering in August
1990.
   The fourth-quarter gains will make 1991 earnings before
tax credits nearly $3.9 million, or 69 cents a share, up 77%
from the $2.2 million, or 45 cents a share, in earnings
before the tax credit in 1990. In 1991 Easel had tax credits
of $480,000, or nine cents a share, compared with
year-earlier tax credits of $875,000, or 18 cents a share.
The tax credits lifted net income to nearly $4.4 million, or
78 cents a share, up from about $3 million, or 63 cents a
share.
   The fourth-quarter gains made revenue for the year about
$28 million, up 61% from $17.3 million.
   Mr. Kahn said, "there's been enormous demand for graphical
applications and we've been able to capitalize." Easel's
software tools can be used to design the graphical user
interface for both new corporate programs and to renovate
older systems by making it easier for users to get
information from data bases.
   Mr. Kahn said one client designed a new interface for its
human resources programs that lets employees use a personal
computer to inquire about the status of their benefits,
retirement plans, vacation days and other information by
hitting a few keys or using a computer pointing device called
a mouse. Previously, only experienced personnel department
workers knew the computer codes needed to get such
information.
   He said an insurance company used Easel's software to
design a new client-server application that lets employees
quickly see on their screens a variety of customer
information about billing and coverage.