Tuesday's Markets:
   Industrials
   Climb 31.53
   To a Record
   ---
   Demand for Disney,
   PG Shares Cited;
   Bond Prices Advance
   ----
   By Douglas R. Sease
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The industrial average soared 31.53 to 3272.14 in heavy
trading, eclipsing the old record of 3264.98 on Jan. 17. But
Standard  Poor's 500-stock index slipped 0.03 to 414.96 and
the Nasdaq Composite Index edged up 0.29 to 621.29.
   The demand for shares of Procter  Gamble -- which rose 5
1/2 to 102 5/8 -- and Disney -- up 9 to 141 1/2 -- was
largely responsible for the industrial average's jump.
Procter  Gamble reported better-than-expected earnings for
its fiscal second quarter yesterday, while Disney announced
fiscal first-quarter profit late Monday that pleasantly
surprised analysts.
   Beyond that, analysts said the stock market reflected the
continuing shift from growth stocks to cyclical issues as
investors waited for President Bush's State of the Union
address. One favorite yesterday was Whirlpool, a maker of
home appliances, which rose 7/8 to 42 1/2. Home builders were
up, too, in anticipation of a pickup in the housing market
this spring.
   Joseph McAlinden, chief market strategist at Dillon Read,
said stock investors are assuming that a combination of
monetary and fiscal stimuli will prompt a strong rebound in
consumer spending this year.
   "I don't know whether it's going to be next week or next
month or sometime later, but the market is assuming that
we're going to see a stunning upsurge in consumer spending,"
he said. "People have been just holding back and holding back
and holding back, but the interest rate environment and
falling energy prices eventually will contribute to consumer
spending."
   Mr. McAlinden noted that yesterday's report showing that
the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 50.4
in January from 52.5 in December apparently had little, if
any, effect on stock prices. "That supports the bear case,
but it sure didn't stop the stock market."
   The drop in consumer confidence did, however, boost bond
prices, as investors speculated the Federal Reserve will
lower interest rates at least once more. The bond rally came
despite worries that President Bush and Congress are
embarking on an effort to stimulate the economy, which might
reignite inflation.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices rose in heavy trading. Volume on the New York
Stock Exchange totaled 217.1 million shares. Advancing issues
on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 891 to 812.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices climbed. The Treasury's benchmark 30-year
issue gained about 3/4 point, or about $7.50 for each $1,000
face amount. The yield on the issue slipped to 7.66%.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar was mixed. In late New York trading the
currency was quoted at 1.6000 marks and 125.75 yen compared
with 1.6099 marks and 125.25 yen Monday.