ATT's Profit Fell 22% for Quarter
   As Product Sales, NCR Results Slipped
   ----
   By John J. Keller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But the quarterly showing, which included flat revenue and
lower operating profit for the recently acquired NCR Corp.,
disappointed analysts. In composite trading yesterday on the
New York Stock Exchange, ATT shares fell 87.5 cents to
$39.50.
   Net income for the quarter fell to $635 million, or 48
cents a share, from $809 million, or 64 cents a share, a year
earlier. Operating profit, or income before interest expenses
and taxes, fell 3.5% to $1.37 billion. Revenue was $11.95
billion compared with $11.88 billion.
   ATT's earnings in the quarter were reduced by $218
million, or 14 cents a share, from 62 cents a share, because
of a reduction in the book value of its investment in Cie.
Industriali Riunite S.p.A., an Italian holding company whose
primary investment is computer maker Olivetti.
   Net income for the year, which included a third-quarter
charge of $4.2 billion, fell to $522 million, or 40 cents a
share, from $3.1 billion, or $2.42 a share, in 1990. Revenue
grew 2.4% to $44.65 billion from $43.62 billion. Operating
profit fell 75% to 1.36 billion.
   ATT said excluding the charges and gains, its 1991
earnings would have been $3.24 billion, or $2.51 a share.
   The $4.2 billion of pretax write-downs and restructuring
charges taken in the third quarter -- $2.65 billion after
taxes -- was due to ATT's absorption of NCR, the shutdown of
ATT's own computer business and the consolidation of
facilities and work force reductions.
   ATT also posted one-time gains for the year of $143
million, or about 11 cents a share, after taxes from selling
its investment in Sun Microsystems Inc., and a piece of its
UNIX System Laboratories subsidiary.
   Mr. Allen said the company is "determined" to grow
globally and has "set our long-term planning sights" on 10%
annual earnings growth.
   But analysts were unmoved. "Six to seven months ago they
were saying their goal was 10% to 15% annual earnings growth
. . . most likely in the top end of that range," said Robert
B. Morris III, telecommunications analyst at Goldman, Sachs 
Co. Now, he says, ATT is "talking {earnings} growth of only
10% this year."
   The company said that its long-distance revenue grew 6% in
the quarter, to $5.28 billion, and 3.7% for the year, to
$20.41 billion. Traffic volume rose nearly 6.5%, which Mr.
Morris said "shows their long-distance business is treading
water since it's actually slightly less growth than they did
in the third quarter."
   But products and systems sales continued to slump,
declining 7% in the quarter, to $4.4 billion, and 1.1% for
the year, to $15.94 billion. Sales of computer systems,
including those of NCR, fell 20% to $1.08 billion in the
quarter and 11% to $3.67 billion for the year.
   While ATT said NCR posted "record orders" for the
quarter, driven mainly by demand for its new 3000 Series of
computers, it was hurt by the computer industry slump and
ATT's hostile $7.48 billion takeover. NCR's operating income
for the quarter dropped 57% to $90 million on flat revenue of
$2 billion. For the year, NCR's operating profit fell 72%, in
part because of a $182 million charge to cover expenses
related to the ATT merger, on flat sales of $6.3 billion.
   Meanwhile, revenue from telecommunications network
products and systems dropped 7.2% to $1.95 billion in the
quarter because of a slump in orders from phone companies,
but revenue for the year grew 2.6% to $7.49 billion.
International sales of network equipment climbed 7% to more
than $1.6 billion.
   Revenue from financial services and leasing grew 36% to
$420 million in the quarter and 71% for the year to $1.38
billion. These figures include ATT's Universal credit card,
now the country's fourth largest card program, but ATT
didn't disclose separate revenue for the card business.
   ATT said it will change the way it reports its
long-distance revenue in the future to "better reflect"
performance and the "end of an era" of constant yearly
reductions in the amount it pays local phone companies for
completing long-distance calls over their networks. Those
charges, which are really transfer payments, amounted to
about $18 billion in 1991.
   Separately, ATT said it will begin providing digital
satellite private-line service for businesses in Beijing and
Shanghai, China. The international satellite service is the
first phase of a two-part, $70 million network project being
handled by ATT, Kokusai Denshin Denwa of Japan and China's
telecommunications authority.