Who's News:
   Warburg Names
   Olsen to Handle
   Equity Operations
   ----
   By Michael R. Sesit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
At Salomon, Mr. Olsen, 49 years old, was a managing
director in charge of the firm's stock sales to global
institutional clients. His resignation follows numerous other
departures from Salomon's stock operations since Salomon's
involvement in a Treasury auction-trading scandal that first
surfaced in August. It also comes after the forced
resignation late last year of Stanley Shopkorn, the once
powerful head of Salomon's stock-trading operation.
   Still, Mr. Olsen said that his leaving was unrelated to
these events, and instead reflected "the opportunity to
continue to build Warburg's share of the U.S. equity market."
Also important, he added, was "the personal chemistry between
Warburg and me" that was built up when he and the British
firm worked closely last summer on the U.K. government's sale
of part of British Telecommunications PLC. In addition, Mr.
Olsen said: "At Salomon Brothers, I was responsible for
sales. At Warburg, I have a broader mandate."
   In his nearly 14 years at Salomon, Mr. Olsen was, at
different times, in charge of the firm's equity sales
operation and cohead of stock research. In addition, he was
responsible for building Salomon's research units in London
and Tokyo and also played a key role in developing the firm's
Japanese sales and trading effort.