Letters to the Editor:
   Anti-Turk Diatribe
   Twists Recent History
"Recently, Turkish planes attacked refugee camps outside
the Turkish border, murdering innocent Kurds," she writes.
The attacks were on PKK camps -- not refugee camps -- and
were surgically performed to protect the innocent, as
independent observers confirmed. PKK is a Marxist terrorist
group that aims to carve a communist state out of eastern
Turkey. It has claimed 2,000 innocent lives in Turkey since
it began operations in 1984.
   Ms. Stupakis asserts that the Turkish action in Cyprus was
similar to what Saddam Hussein did in Kuwait. She has twisted
history to fit her fantasy and got this one backward. The
real model for Hussein's attempt to annex Kuwait is the Greek
junta's attempt to annex Cyprus. The Greek effort was not
successful because Turkey intervened. Hussein was not
successful because the U.S. intervened.
   Finally, she writes, "Turkey is an isolated country that
lost its geopolitical importance with the demise of
communism." Reality is quite to the contrary. Turkey is a
model of robust democratic rule and thriving free-market
economy for the emerging nations of Eastern Europe and Asia,
which desperately need a role model. Turkey's star is just
beginning to shine.
   Ali Ferda Sevin
   President
   Assembly of Turkish American Associations
   Washington