Winter Olympics 1992:
   Television Highlights
   ----
   By Kevin Goldman
One of the handful of Americans given a strong chance at a
gold medal, Donna Weinbrecht, does her thing on CBS tonight.
Her event, new to the Olympics, is freestyle skiing, in which
contestants do jumps after bouncing off moguls. Also
scheduled are the final two runs of the women's luge.
                                                                                                       

   Strong Ratings
                                                                                                       

   Despite dire advance predictions in some quarters, the CBS
Olympics ratings continue to be strong. The network captured
19.1% of U.S. homes with TV sets Monday evening, easily
beating ABC's 15% and NBC's 13.5%, according to the A.C.
Nielsen Co. For the first three nights of the Games, CBS
comfortably exceeded its guarantee to advertisers of an
average audience of 17%.
                                                                                                       

   Short on Sport
                                                                                                       

   For long stretches, though, the CBS audience doesn't see
much sport. Monday night viewers watched gold medalist Bonnie
Blair zip around the speed-skating track and then spent long
minutes at not one, but two, parties celebrating her feat.
First, family and friends drank beer in her hometown,
Champaign, Ill. Then, other family members and friends drank
beer in Albertville. Demonstrating that beer-quaffing is an
international sport, CBS treated viewers to scenes of German
luge gold medalist Georg Hackl and his Bavarian hometown
friends.
   ---
                 Wednesday, February 1992
                                                                                                       

     7-9 a.m.                1-6 p.m.          8-11 p.m.
       CBS                     TNT               CBS
                                                                                                       

 -- Alpine skiing live   -- Alpine skiing  -- Figure Skating
    (women's combined       (women's          (women's
     downhill)               combined          1,500 m.)
                             downhill)
                                                                                                       

 -- Hockey live          -- Hocky live     -- Alpine skiing
    (Can. vs. Nor.)         (U.T. vs.         (women's
                             Czech.)           combined
                                               downhill)
                                                                                                       

 -- Nordic combined live -- Nordic combined -- Freestyle
    (15 km.                 (15 km.            skiing
    cross-country)           cross-country)    (moguls)
                                                                                                       

 -- Biathlon             -- Biathlon        -- Luge
    (mens's 10 km.)         (mens's 10 km.)    (women's
                                                singles)
                                                                                                       

                         -- Luge
                            (women's singles)
                                                                                                       

                         -- Speed skating
                            (women's 1,500 m.)
                                                                                                       

   All times are Eastern Standard; events are available for
coverage, but plans may change.