What's News --
   Business and Finance
Ford expects to earn a small profit in the first quarter
after incurring $2.8 billion in losses in the previous five
periods, internal projections indicate. The auto maker's
output is up sharply from a year ago, reflecting lean
inventories and greater market share.
   ---
   Japan is reducing the number of cars it will allow to be
exported to the U.S. Separately, Tokyo approved unlimited
imports of two of GM's Pontiac models, the first American
cars to gain such access, U.S. officials said.
   ---
   Economic conditions have improved modestly since
mid-January, but businesses remain cautious, according to a
regional Fed survey.
   ---
   Detroit's NBD Bancorp agreed to buy INB Financial of
Indiana for $876 million in stock in a deal that would put
NBD in the top tier of Midwest banks. INB shares soared $7 to
$43.
   ---
   Airlines said the government won't find any wrongdoing in
its probe of alleged price fixing in the industry.
   ---
   Chambers Development's shares plummeted $19, or 62%, to
$11.50 after the waste-management company said it is
abandoning unorthodox accounting methods and taking a $27
million charge against last year's earnings.
   ---
   Japan approved unlimited imports of two of GM's Pontiac
models, the first American car models to gain such access,
U.S. officials said. Tokyo is said to have promised similar
clearance for certain other U.S. models.
   ---
   A tax measure that would let companies depreciate
intangible assets is unlikely to survive as part of
Congress's tax-cut bill. Bentsen said the proposal would
create a windfall.
   ---
   Honda's No. 2 executive, Shoichiro Irimajiri, abruptly
resigned for health reasons, the auto manufacturer said.
   ---
   Mobil is taking $105 million in firstquarter charges and
cutting up to 1,000 jobs in its U.S. petroleum exploration
and production operations, in reaction to weak oil and gas
prices.
   ---
   Donald Trump agreed to give lenders a 49% stake in New
York's Plaza Hotel in exchange for better terms on the
property's $600 million debt.
   ---
   Hewlett-Packard is acquiring a 5% stake in Convex Computer
under an accord that calls for Convex to use H-P's chips in
supercomputers.
   ---
   A group of West Point-Pepperell shareholders, including
Kidder Peabody, sued financier William Farley over his
failure to buy the remaining 5% of the textile company's
shares.
   ---
   Gasoline and heating oil prices fell sharply in futures
trading, helping to pull down prices for crude oil.
   ---
   Two oil and gas companies are looking to make acquisitions
for as much as $600 million to take advantage of low prices
for energy assets.
   ---
   Companies raised $7.4 billion from initial public
offerings of stock so far this year, setting a pace that
could break a record for the quarter. But the prices of such
stocks aren't as strong as they were earlier in the year.
   ---
   Seagram's profit rose 13% in the latest quarter. The
liquor, wine and juice company proposed a 4-for-1 stock split
and a 12% dividend boost. Its stock jumped $5.375 to
$117.125.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 190,800,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3254.25, off 1.79; transportation 1401.72, off 7.10;
utilities 204.62, off 0.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4155.85, up 0.73.
   Commodities: Oil $19.07 a barrel, off 17 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.17, up 0.11; spot index 118.14, up 1.04.
   Dollar: 132.35 yen, off 0.45; 1.6542 marks, up 0.0087.