New Securities Issues
Arizona Public Service Co. -- A two-part issue of first
mortgage bonds was priced through underwriters led by First
Boston Corp. The first part, consisting of $150 million of
first mortgage bonds due Jan. 15, 1997, was priced as 7 1/8%
at 99.892 to yield 7.15%. The noncallable issue was priced at
a spread of 85 basis points over the Treasury's five-year
note. The second part, consisting of $175 million of first
mortgage bonds due Jan. 15, 2024, was priced as 8 3/4% at
99.144 to yield 8.83%. The noncallable issue was priced at a
spread of 120 basis points over the Treasury's 30-year bond.
The issue is rated Baa-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc.
and triple-B by Standard  Poor's Corp. Arizona Public is a
unit of Pinnacle West Capital Corp.
   UtiliCorp United Inc. -- $130 million issue of senior
notes, due Jan. 15, 2007, was priced at par to yield 8.20%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 115 basis
points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-2 by
Moody's and triple-B by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   First of America Bank Corp. -- $150 million issue of
notes, due Feb. 1, 2004, was priced as 8 1/2% at 99.665 to
yield 8.545%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread
of 145 basis points over the yield on the Treasury's 10-year
note. Rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the
issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch
 Co.
   Bear Stearns Cos. -- $150 million issue of notes, due Feb.
1, 2002, was priced as 8 1/4% at 99.80 to yield 8.28%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 120 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-2 by
Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Bear, Stearns  Co.
   Alcan Aluminum Ltd. -- $150 million issue of debentures,
due Jan. 15, 2022, was priced as 8 7/8% at 99.422 to yield
8.93%. The debentures, which are noncallable for 10 years,
were priced at a spread of 130 basis points above the
Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated single-A-2 by Moody's and
singleA by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by First Boston Corp.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Sphinx Pharmaceuticals Corp. -- Five million common shares
were priced at $15 a share through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers Inc. The issue was increased from an originally
planned four million common shares.
   Gilead Sciences Inc. -- Five million shares of its common
stock at $15 a share have been offered. All of the shares
were offered by the company. Robertson Stephens  Co. and
Hambrecht  Quist Inc. were co-managers of the offering.
   Ventritex Inc. -- An initial public offering of 4.7
million common shares at $18 apiece. Of the shares, 3.5
million are being offered by the company and 1.2 million by
holders.
   Walker Power Inc. -- An initial public offering of 1.5
million common shares was priced at $6.25 a share. The
company said it offered 1,085,000 of the shares and
stockholders offered the remaining 415,000. Volpe, Welty 
Co. is the managing underwriter of the offering. Certain
stockholders have granted the underwriter overallotment
options to purchase up to 225,000 additional common shares.
   United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. -- 3.5 million common
shares priced at $20.50 a share through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co. The size of the issue was increased from
three million shares.
   Salick Health Care -- 2.4 million common shares priced at
$14 a share through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
The size of the issue was increased from two million shares.
   Abaxis Inc. -- 2,175,000 common shares were priced at $11
a share through underwriters led by Furman Selz. The size of
the issue was increased from 1.75 million shares.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   California Kings River Conservation District -- $73.9
million Pine Flat Power revenue refunding bonds have been
priced by a Smith Barney group. Yields range from 3.40% in
1993 to 6.43% in 2012. Serial bond yields range from 3.40% in
1993 to 6.20% in 2007. Term bonds due in 2012 are 6 3/8%
priced to yield 6.43%. Term bonds due in 2017 are 6% priced
to yield 6.40%. The longest-dated term bonds, those due in
2020, are 5.50% priced to yield 6.38%.
   New York State Economic Research Development Authority --
$100 million revenue bonds have been priced by a Goldman,
Sachs  Co. group. The bonds, which are for a Consolidated
Edison project, were priced as 6 3/4% at 98.75, to yield
6.84% on Jan. 15, 2027. The issue has been rated Baa-2 by
Moody's and double-A-minus by SP. Goldman Sachs said the
order period has ended.
   Dade County, Fla., School District -- $200 million school
unlimited-tax general obligation bonds were won by a Goldman
Sachs group. Goldman won the bonds with a true interest cost
of 6.1772% and set the yields at 3.40% in 1993 to 6.385% in
2011. The issue, which is insured by Financial Guaranty
Insurance Co., carries triple-A ratings from both Moody's and
SP.
   University of North Carolina Board of Governor -- $60
million hospital revenue bonds were priced by a Merrill Lynch
 Co. Inc. group. The issue is for the University of North
Carolina Hospitals at Chapel Hill project. The bonds yield
from 4.35% in 1995 to 6.45% in 2017. The issue has been rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A-minus by SP.
   Anne Arundel County, Md. -- $65 million general obligation
bonds was won by a Bear Stearns  Co. group. The firm won the
Series 1992 issue with a true interest cost of 5.81% and set
the yields at 3% in 1993 to 6.30% in 2013 to 2021. The bonds
have been rated double-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by SP.
   Broward County, Fla. -- $220 million bonds were priced by
a Lehman Brothers Group. Yields on the three-part issue range
from 3.375% in 1993 to 6.375% in 2012. The Series 1992A
general obligation bonds were priced to yield from 3.375% in
1993 to 6.375% in 2012. That is also the range of yields for
the Series 1992-C general obligation refunding bonds. Yields
on the Series 1992-B general obligation refunding bonds range
from 3.375% in 1993 to 6.125% in 2005. All of the bonds have
been rated double-A by Moody's and double-A-minus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $400 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by PaineWebber Inc. The issue, 1992-27, is
backed by Fannie Mae 8%. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 8.60%. The issue settles March 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $387 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Lehman Securities. The
issue, FHLMC-1217, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%. The
collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 8.65%. The
issue was priced Jan. 21, and settles March 27.
   CANADIAN Province of Manitoba -- $500 million issue of
notes, due Feb. 1, 2002, was priced as 7 3/4% at 99.929 to
yield 7.76%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of
67 basis points over the yield on the Treasury's 10-year
note. Rated A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the
issue will be sold through underwriters led by First Boston
Corp.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Republic of France (sovereign) -- 1.5 billion European
currency units of 8 1/4% Eurobonds due April 25, 2022 via
Credit Lyonnais and Caisse des Depots et Consignations.
Offered initially at a fixed price of 98.64 to yield 8.38%.
   Council of Europe (supranational agency) -- 65 million
ECUs of 9 3/8% Eurobonds due Jan. 14, 1994, at issue price of
101.775 via Bankers Trust International. Offered initially at
a fixed price of 100.775. The issue will trade
interchangeably with an existing 200 million ECU issue of
bonds from the payment date. Fees 1 1/8.
   Ente Nazionale per l'Energia Elettrica (Italy) -- 500
billion Italian lire of 10 5/8 Eurobonds due 20 Feb., 2002,
at issue price 101.55 via Banca Commerciale Italiana. Yield
10.68% at a discount equal to full fees. The issue is exempt
from withholding tax for Italian investors. Guarantor
republic of Italy. Fees 1 7/8.
   Mediabanca International Ltd., Cayman (Italian parent) --
100 billion lire of 11.70% Eurobonds due Feb. 24, 1999, at
issue price 101 7/8 via Banca di Roma. Yield 11.70% annually
after discounting fees. Borrower indirectly owned by the
public sector Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale
(IRI). Fees 1 7/8.
   Southwest Water PLC (U.K.) -- #150 million of Eurobonds
due Feb. 5, 2012, via S.G. Warburg Securities Ltd. Guarantor
Southwest Water Services Ltd. The bonds will be launched as a
fixed-price offering with the price 1 7/8 point below the
issue price. Fees 2 1/2.
   Bariven (Venezuelan parent) -- $200 million of 9%
Eurobonds due Feb. 25, 1997, at issue price 100.445 via
Bankers Trust International. Offered initially at 99.82 to
yield 9.05%, a spread of 2.60 points above the comparable
Treasury issue. Guaranteed by parent Petroleos de Venezuela.
Fees 1 7/8.
   European Investment Bank (supranational agency) -- 10
billion Spanish pesetas of 10 1/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 5,
2002, at issue price 101.35 via Banco Espanol de Credito
(Banesto). Yield 10.42% at a discount equal to 1 5/8 point
underwriters' commissions. Callable once only on Feb. 5,
1999, at 100 3/8. Gross fees 1 3/4.
   Republic of Iceland (sovereign) -- 175 million marks of 8
1/2% bonds due Feb. 18, 2002 at 102 via Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale. Fees 2 1/2.
   Province of Quebec (Canada) -- 500 million marks of 8%
bonds due Feb. 27, 2002 at 101 1/4 via Commerzbank AG. Fees 2
1/2.
   Nisseki House Industry Co. (Japan) -- 50 million Swiss
francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31,
1996, with a fixed 4 3/4% coupon at par via J. Henry Schroder
Bank AG. Put option on Sept. 30, 1994 at a fixed 109 7/8 to
yield 8.18%. Fees 1 5/8.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   NEW YORK STATE ENERGY RESEARCH  DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY's
$100 million of facilities revenue bonds are rated double-A-2
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. In yesterday's edition, the
utility-project bonds, priced Wednesday by a Goldman Sachs
group, were incorrectly said to have carried a lower Moody's
rating, and the authority's name was misstated.
   (WSJ Jan. 24, 1992)