What's News --
   Business and Finance
Japan's leader vowed to increase efforts to boost imports
of U.S. cars, suggesting Tokyo wants to avoid a showdown over
trade during Bush's visit to Japan, which begins today.
Japanese auto makers, meanwhile, are mulling plans to help
their U.S. counterparts sell more cars in Japan.
   ---
   Stocks ended their streak of 11 consecutive gains, while
bond prices rallied. The Dow Jones industrials edged 1.35
points lower to 3200.13 in heavy trading. But
over-the-counter stocks advanced to another record.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar tumbled 1.8% against the German mark and
slipped 1%, to a three-year low, against the yen.
   ---
   U.S. securities firms could report record pretax earnings
for 1991, aided by strong underwriting volume and a surge in
trading by individual investors during the fourth quarter.
                                                                                                       

   The nation's stockbrokers received an average of $93,480
in pay last year, 18% higher than in 1990.
   ---
   OPEC is producing oil at its highest level in a decade,
adding to fears among some members of the organization that
an oil glut may be near.
   ---
   Some New York state debt was downgraded by Moody's, which
cited concerns about the state's budget stalemate amid
widening deficits.
   ---
   The Treasury called for an end to the double taxation of
corporate profits that are paid to shareholders as dividends,
but didn't firmly support a specific proposal for change.
   ---
   Domestic airlines are likely to post a 6% rise in traffic
for December in a possible harbinger of better times for the
troubled industry. The sharp increase, more than expected,
would be the largest in 15 months.
   ---
   Westinghouse sold more than $700 million of its ailing
credit unit's assets in the fourth period. Meanwhile, the
company's stock rose $1.625 to $19.75 on an analyst's
positive report.
   ---
   Maxwell Communication's administrators sold the European,
an English-language, Pan-European weekly paper, to two
British businessmen.
   ---
   LSI Logic withdrew from Sematech, a semiconductor research
consortium it helped create in 1987 to combat Japanese
competition.
   ---
   Salomon named John Lipsky to be the securities firm's
chief economist, filling a four-year-old vacancy.
   ---
   London stocks fell, sending the FT-SE 100 index down 10.9
points to 2493.2. Frankfurt shares were mixed.
   ---
   A Du Pont venture with DNA Plant Technology is selling a
new form of canola oil to Anheuser-Busch's snack food
business.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 241,980,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3200.13, off 1.35; transportation 1365.47, up 14.76;
utilities 223.02, off 2.57.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4336.60, up 20.13.
   Commodities: Oil $19.21 a barrel, off two cents. Dow Jones
futures index 120.84, up 0.63; spot index 112.55, up 2.49.
   Dollar: 123.35 yen, off 1.30; 1.5160 marks, off 0.0275.