Business Brief:
   Adolph Coors Co. Posts Widened Loss
   For the Fourth Period, but Sales Rise
Earnings were reduced by start-up expenses in the brewing,
aluminum and ceramics businesses, increased brewing costs and
by higher marketing costs for beer and ceramics, the company
said.
   Earnings for fourth quarter and the year also were reduced
by $9.9 million, or 26 cents a share, from a write-down of
its energy company's assets. Coors is seeking to sell its
energy unit's assets, and reached an agreement in the fourth
quarter to sell a portion of those to Gerrity Oil  Gas Corp.
of Denver for $15.2 million.
   For the year, the company reported net income of $25.5
million, or 68 cents a share, compared with $38.9 million, or
$1.05 a share, in 1990. Sales rose 3.6% to $1.92 billion from
$1.84 billion.
   The company said beer sales were boosted by increased
shipments of Coors Light and Keystone Light. But brewing
company operating results for the year declined 41% because
of increased costs due to capacity expansion and higher
marketing and administrative expenses, the company said.
   Aluminum company operating profit declined 61% for the
year because of start-up costs of the company's new mill in
San Antonio, Texas. Ceramics operating profit declined about
10%.
   Coors's Graphics Packaging subsidiary, however, reported
higher sales and operating profit, primarily from growth in
packages for soaps and detergents, the company said.
Operating profit for the year rose about 75% and sales rose
15.4%.