International:
   Brazil Is Said
   To Be Near Pact
   On Foreign Debt
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
That will clearly help Brazil, which said Friday that its
total foreign debt stood at $115.7 billion through midyear
1991, down from $121 billion at the end of 1990. Brazil's
debt remains the largest among developing countries.
   The plan is similar to bank pacts with Venezuela and
Mexico that swapped bank debt for securities. Like Mexico's
pact, the tentative agreement allows banks the option of
forgiving 35% of the face amount of their debt. In exchange,
banks would get securities, backed by the U.S. Treasury, for
the remaining 65%.
   Other options include advancing new funds in exchange for
bonds issued with no discount to face value, one banker said.
Final terms are being worked out.
   Citicorp declined comment, but Vice Chairman William
Rhodes, who is chairman of the bank steering committee, said
last week that the two sides "are close to an agreement."
   If an agreement is reached soon, it would come just seven
months after Brazil and its bank lenders began negotiating a
debt restructuring. The talks accelerated recently after the
Paris Club of government lenders agreed with Brazil on
restructuring $4.9 billion in debt, bankers say. And in
January, the International Monetary Fund approved a $2
billion standby loan as part of the country's austerity
program instituted by President Fernando Collor de Mello.
   A Brazilian accord would leave Argentina as one of the
largest sovereign debtors that has yet to reach an agreement
with foreign banks. Today, Argentina meets with its banks to
respond to a proposal made by its Citicorp-led bank
committee, people involved in the talks said. In January,
Argentina began discussions with its bank creditors to
restructure its $31 billion in debt.