What's News --
   Business and Finance
The battle over taxes appears to be putting a slight drag
on the economy as consumers and businesses delay making some
financial decisions.
   ---
   First Executive head Fred Carr and ex-Drexel junk bond
chief Michael Milken were accused by California of fraud that
allegedly helped ruin Executive Life Insurance Co. Also
charged were the insurer's auditor, Deloitte  Touche, and
rating firms A.M. Best, Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

   Drexel lawyers said Milken and 200 other former employees
are close to a final agreement to settle all suits against
them for $1.3 billion.
   ---
   British Air and KLM called off merger talks after failing
to agree on how much of the combination each side would own.
The collapse raises questions about Northwest Air, which is
20%-owned by KLM and had hoped to benefit from the proposed
union.
   ---
   Home Shopping Network and QVC are discussing a possible
combination that would be the last big consolidation in the
shop-by-TV industry.
   ---
   Sears is quietly offering cash to its most experienced
salespeople if they quit rather than accept a pay cut
scheduled to take effect next week.
   ---
   Mexico is seeking to keep U.S. and Canadian banks and
brokerage firms from operating units there until 1998 under a
proposed trade accord.
   ---
   Italy's Agnelli family yielded to French regulators and
agreed to launch a bid challenging Nestle for control of
water bottler Perrier. The Agnellis may offer the same price
as Nestle while sweetening other terms.
   ---
   Philips Electronics posted strong fourth-period results as
its revamping continued to bear fruit. But the Dutch company
omitted its dividend. Its shares jumped $2.875 to $20.375.
   ---
   Warner-Lambert received a signal that its
cholesterol-lowering drug won't win quick FDA approval. The
company's stock sank $3.875 to $65.
   ---
   Mutual fund investors poured $6.7 billion into stock funds
and $7.9 billion into bond funds during January.
   ---
   Domino's Pizza is planning an initial public offering by
Dec. 31. Thomas Monaghan, who owns 97% of the company, plans
to sell as much as a 49% interest in the pizza chain.
   ---
   The recording industry set a new standard for compact-disk
packaging in a move to generate less waste.
   ---
   The Senate voted to ease antitrust laws regulating joint
manufacturing ventures formed by rival companies.
   ---
   Retailers J.C. Penney and Caldor reported healthy
fourth-quarter results despite sluggish sales, but Woolworth
posted another big loss.
   ---
   Seven-Up sued Coke, accusing it of lying about Seven-Up's
business in an effort to persuade bottlers to drop Seven-Up
in favor of Coke's Sprite.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 215,050,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3269.45, off 13.87; transportation 1432.17, off 11.59;
utilities 205.87, up 0.06.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4214.54, up 1.65.
   Commodities: Oil $18.75 a barrel, up 29 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.34, up 0.45; spot index 119.01, up 0.0.
   Dollar: 129.05 yen, off 0.10; 1.6340 marks, off 0.0120.