Who's News:
   Hanson Taps Clarke,
   Raos for Top Posts
   At U.S. Subsidiary
Lord White, who had been chief executive of the U.S. unit,
will continue as its chairman. He has announced that Mr.
Clarke will succeed him upon his retirement, expected in
1997. Lord Hanson, who is chairman of Hanson PLC, has not yet
named a successor for the parent.
   Mr. Clarke, 50 years old and Mr. Raos, 42 years old, said
yesterday that despite a 6% first-quarter decline in
operating profit for Hanson PLC -- results that were mirrored
at the U.S. unit -- Hanson Industries still anticipates
record year-end profits in 1992.
   All of the U.S. unit's major component companies are
posting profits, including SCM Chemicals Inc., Peabody
Holding Co. and Cavenham Forest Industries, said Mr. Clarke.
Layoffs overall have been light, considering the extent of
the nation's economic downturn, and limited to Hanson's
building operations divisions, he added. Of 40,000 employees
in its North American operations, 4,000 lost their jobs in
1991.
   Hanson's North American operations, which also include
Ames Co., Farberware, and Weber Aircraft Inc., had revenue of
$7.1 billion in 1991, with an operating profit of $994
million, accounting for half of Hanson PLC's revenue and
profit.