International:
   Unilever Group Profit
   Increased by 26% in '91
   From Weak '90 Result
Excluding that extraordinary item, the weak world economy
held 1991 profit growth to 4%. If currency fluctuations and
some exceptional 1990 gains weren't counted, profit growth
would have been more like 10%. Real sales growth, adjusted
for inflation, was just 1%.
   In an interview, Floris Maljers, chairman of the
conglomerate's Dutch half, said he doesn't see a pickup
before the third or fourth quarter of this year.
   Unilever is responding to the weak economy by revising its
policy of decentralized production and decision-making,
especially in Europe.
   It also is growing through steady geographic expansion and
acquisition, notably in Eastern Europe. After two
acquisitions in Poland and Hungary in the past few months,
Mr. Maljers said he has four more "in advanced negotiatons"
and "another few in early negotiations," all in Poland,
Hungary or Czechoslovakia. He also hopes to expand into the
former Soviet Union.
   Despite continuing losses in Japan, he said, Unilever has
decided against pulling back from that country.
   Mr. Maljers also leaves open the possibility of a big U.S.
acquisition, though he wouldn't comment on analysts'
speculation that he could be interested in a company such as
Quaker Oats Co. or CPC International Inc.
   The sluggish 1991 profit figures sent Unilever shares
plunging in London and Amsterdam. In London, Unilever fell to
938 pence from 968 pence. In Amsterdam, Unilever fell to
188.4 guilders ($101.34) from 194.1 guilders.