Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices Fall on Anxiety That Today's Data
   On Employment Will Show More Signs of Growth
   ----
   By Tom Herman and Robert Sherman
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Traders worry that the Labor Department's employment
report, to be released at 8:30 a.m. EST, will reinforce
growing speculation that the economy is gaining momentum.
Recent evidence of stronger growth has sparked widespread
speculation that the Federal Reserve probably won't cut
interest rates again anytime soon.
   Bond prices began sliding early yesterday as traders
reacted to news of a surprisingly large 21,000 decline in
claims for state unemployment insurance. That was more than
four times the consensus estimate of a 5,000 downturn, adding
to inflation fears and heightening concern about today's
employment report.
   As hopes faded for another round of Fed credit-easing,
prices once again tumbled on short-term and intermediate-term
Treasury notes, and yields rose. In recent weeks,
shorter-term bond yields have risen much more than long-term
bond yields have, a trend known among traders as a
"flattening of the yield curve."
   For example, two-year Treasury notes now yield about
5.625%, an increase of one percentage point in the past two
months. That is nearly twice as large an increase as the rise
in long-term Treasury bond yields during that period, said
Robert V. DiClemente, a director at Salomon Brothers Inc.
   The gap between yields on two-year Treasury notes and
30-year bonds has shrunk to 2.35 percentage points from as
much as 2.85 percentage points as recently as Feb. 10, Mr.
DiClemente said. At that time, 30-year bonds yielded 7.79%
and two-year notes 4.94%.
   Corporate and mortgage-backed bond prices generally
slipped yesterday, but not as much as Treasurys. However,
prices of International Business Machines Corp. bonds, which
slumped Wednesday after the company lost its coveted triple-A
rating from one major rating agency, were mixed yesterday.
   Municipal bond prices were little changed. But several
Wall Street firms reported continued strong investor demand
for a huge new issue of New York City bonds.
   Despite New York's heavily publicized woes, investors are
flocking to buy the city's bonds because of the high yields.
The latest offering included tax-exempt bonds with yields as
high as 7.72% on securities due from 2013 to 2019. Investor
demand was so strong that underwriters yesterday trimmed most
of the initially proposed yields.
   Bond yields now are so far above inflation that many
investment managers still remain bullish over the long term.
But this week's flurry of stronger economic news has thinned
the ranks of the bond bulls, according to a new survey of
fixed-income managers by Nancy Lazar and Edward S. Hyman of
ISI Group Inc.
   Even news that ordinarily would help bolster bond prices
appears to fall on deaf ears. Late yesterday, the Federal
Reserve reported an unexpected decline of $1.5 billion in M2,
the most closely watched measure of the nation's money
supply, for the week ended Feb. 24. But that news had little
or no reaction on bonds.
   "The market is obsessed with the employment report," said
Carol Stone, an economist at Nomura Securities International
Inc. She said investors are "very squeamish" and are ignoring
bullish news while discovering bearish news everywhere.
   If today's employment report shows a burst of economic
strength, long-term Treasury bond yields could easily shoot
above the 8% barrier, traders say. At the end of last year,
30-year Treasury bonds yielded 7.39%.
   The employment report is expected to show only sluggish
growth. According to the average estimate of economists
surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report, the report
should show non-farm payrolls rose by 10,000, with the
civilian unemployment rate unchanged at 7.1%. Last month, the
Labor Department reported a surprisingly large 91,000 decline
in non-farm payrolls.
   Some analysts fear interest rates will climb even further
because of the government's record borrowing needs. "The main
thing that should be bothering the markets isn't the economy
or inflation, but the supply of {U.S. government debt} issues
coming down the pike" to finance Washington's enormous budget
deficits, said Irwin L. Kellner, chief economist of Chemical
Banking Corp.
   Mr. Kellner predicts 30-year Treasury bond yields will
rise to about 8.3% by mid-year and 8.9% by year end. Such
high rates, he predicted, "eventually will provide very tough
competition for stocks."
   Speculation that the Federal Reserve won't cut rates
further grew yesterday because of remarks by Richard Syron,
president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. Mr. Syron
said the economy is showing moderate signs of recovery, and
that the central bank should wait a few weeks before deciding
whether to take further action to encourage growth.
   Selling picked up in the last hour or so of bond futures
trading at the Chicago Board of Trade as traders and
investors hurried to reduce their exposure.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of U.S. government securities slumped amid a
growing consensus that the economy is turning around.
   The Treasury's 30-year bonds traded late yesterday at 100
3/8, down from 101 late Wednesday. Two-year notes fell to 99
17/32, yielding 5.61%, from 99 24/32, where the yield was
5.49%.
   Five-year notes slid to 99 3/8 from 99 29/32. Their yield
climbed to 6.89% from 6.76%.
   The price of seven-year notes tumbled to 95 17/32 from 96
1/32. The yield climbed to 7.19% from 7.09% late Wednesday.
   Some analysts who are leery of long-term bonds think
seven-year notes offer unusually good value because they
expect inflation to remain low and because the gap between
yields on seven-year notes and 30-year bonds has shrunk to
0.77 percentage point. That gap was one full percentage point
as recently as Feb. 10 and 1.10 percentage points Dec. 4 of
last year, according to Mr. DiClemente of Salomon Brothers.
   Rates rose on short-term Treasury bills. For example,
three-month bills were yielding 4.07%, up from 4.04% late
Wednesday. Rates rose even more sharply on 52-week Treasury
bills. The average annual return on new 52-week bills
auctioned yesterday was 4.37%, or a bond-equivalent return of
4.58%.
                                                                                                       

   Here are details of yesterday's auction of 52-week bills.
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase
price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows the
investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                         52-Week Bills
                                                                                                       

   Applications ................        $31,080,000,000
   Accepted bids ...............        $13,790,000,000
   Accepted at low price .......                   100%
   Accepted noncompetitively ...           $624,500,000
   Average price (Rate) ........         95.581 (4.37%)
   High price (Rate) ...........             na (4.38%)
   Low price (Rate) ............             na (4.35%)
   Coupon equivalent ...........                  4.58%
   CUSIP number ................              912794B37
                                                                                                       

   The bills are dated March 12, 1992, and mature March 11,
1993. na-Not available
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Prices of investment-grade corporate bonds sagged
yesterday.
   High-grade issues fell 1/4 point to 1/2 point. However,
bank bonds were mixed despite worries that the financial
problems at Olympia  York Developments Ltd. could affect the
banking system.
   Bankers Trust New York Corp.'s 8.625% sinking fund
debentures, due 2002, were unchanged at 101 1/4. Chemical
Banking Corp.'s 8.25% sinking fund debentures, due 2002,
closed up 3/4 point at 98 3/4.
   Olympia  York, a Canadian real estate and development
company, is cutting back its commercial paper borrowing,
selling assets and raising new debt through its banks. The
closely held company categorically denied rumors circulating
through the financial markets yesterday that it was facing
bankruptcy. It also said it has not defaulted on any of its
debt.
   Elsewhere in the corporate arena, a unit of RJR Nabisco
Holdings Corp. filed a registration statement for two
offerings of senior notes totaling $1.2 billion. Proceeds
from the sale, by RJR Nabisco Capital Corp., will be used to
refinance bank debt that has been used to retire high-cost
bonds. Goldman, Sachs  Co. will be the lead manager of the
offering.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Prices of municipal bonds ended little changed, with some
issues gaining about 1/8 point.
   Among secondary issues, California's San Bernardino County
Transportation Authority 6% issues of 2010 finished 1/8
higher at 94 5/8 to yield 6.49%.
   In new issue action, underwriters led by Prudential
Securities Inc. released final pricing details on the $106.6
million zero-coupon bond portion of New York City's
approximately $995 million general obligation deal.
   The bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 6.75% in
1997 to 7.65% in 2010-2012.
   The range of maturity in the zero-coupon bonds is from
five to 20 years. Investors showed most interest in the
offering's five-year bonds maturing in 1997, where demand
accounted for about 20% of the total $106.6 million offering,
a Prudential official said. The bonds, also called "mini
bonds" were targeted toward retail investors, and all were
sold to individuals, the Prudential official added.
   As further indication of the success of the New York City
deal priced Wednesday, underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
repriced both the $622 million of tax-exempt and $201.5
million of taxable GOs that also were part of the deal. The
repricing lowered yields on the bonds by 0.05 to 0.13
percentage points.
   The top yield on the tax-exempt bonds is now 7.72% in
2013-2019, changed from 7.80%. Taxable bonds carry a top
yield of 9.90% in 2010, 2015-2021, lowered from 10.05%.
   The New York City GOs are rated Baa-1 by Moody's Investors
Service Inc. and single-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities ended lower.
   In secondary trading, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities for March delivery fell 13/32 to 98
26/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8% securities
fell 15/32 to 98 11/32, and Federal National Mortgage
Association 8% securities fell 15/32 to 98 9/32.
   There were $940 million of new real estate mortgage
investment conduit securities announced yesterday, through
two modest new Freddie Mac deals, a new Fannie Mae deal and
through small increases to two outstanding Freddie Mac
offerings. That volume brought the week's Remic issuance to
around $2.8 billion.