Who's News:
   Coca-Cola Enterprises
   Discloses Departure
   Of Brian G. Dyson
Mr. Dyson, 58 years old, was a longtime executive of
Coca-Cola Co. who, among other things, is credited with
reviving its slumping domestic operations in the late 1970s
and early 1980s before taking charge of Coca-Cola
Enterprises, which was spun off in 1986. He will continue as
a senior consultant to Coca-Cola Co. Mr. Dyson's office said
he was traveling yesterday and couldn't be reached for
comment.
   Mr. Dyson melded together a varied group of bottlers to
form Coca-Cola Enterprises but never succeeded in making them
strongly profitable. He was president and chief executive
officer of Coca-Cola Enterprises until December, when it
acquired Johnston Coca-Cola, a closely held Chattanooga,
Tenn., concern that had been Coke's second-biggest bottler,
for $374.8 million. The merger gave the combined companies
control of 55% of Coke's bottling and can operations in the
U.S.
   As a result of the merger, which was an attempt to shore
up profitability and reap economies of scale, Mr. Dyson lost
out to Johnston Coca-Cola's S.K. Johnston Jr., who became
chief executive officer and a vice chairman of the combined
companies. Henry A. Schimberg, who was president and chief
operating officer of Johnston Coca-Cola, became president and
chief operating officer of Coca-Cola Enterprises.