Marketing  Media:
   Whatever Its Merits,
   Photography Can Be
   Incredibly Wasteful
   ---
   Film Spools and Packages Are
   Very Difficult to Recycle;
   Kodak Signs a Contract
The result: enough photographic waste to fill a football
stadium each year, says James Blamphin, Eastman Kodak Co.'s
environmental spokesman.
   Last week, Kodak negotiated reduced shipping rates and
contracts with three recycling centers -- one each in the
East, West and Midwest -- for any U.S. photofinisher,
regardless of whether it sells or uses Kodak products. Under
terms, as of April 1, the three recyclers have to accept all
photographic waste that can be recycled, even when there's no
market for it, Mr. Blamphin says.
   It's too early to tell who might take advantage of the
program, but photofinishers say they could use some help.
Moto Photo Inc., based in Dayton, Ohio, says only about
one-third of its 300 U.S. photofinishing franchisees recycle
all their dry waste.
   The others recycle some waste or can't find or don't know
about local recycling programs. In some parts of the country,
recycling programs "absolutely don't exist," says Moto's
chief operating officer, Sidney Laytin. What's more, he's
having trouble finding places that recycle "mistake" prints
that aren't good enough for customers.
   Pittsburgh's Sukolsky-Brunelle Photographics could use
some guidance, too. While it sends cardboard cameras back to
manufacturers (Kodak, Fuji Photo Film U.S.A. Inc. and Konica
U.S.A. Inc. pay a nickel for each camera, plus shipping
costs), metal film spools and paper packaging "just go into
the trash," a salesman says.
   As for film cannisters? "We just keep throwing them into a
box," he says. "And eventually, someone needs them" for art
projects.
   (See related article: "Marketing: For Cardboard Cameras,
Sales Picture Enlarges and Seems Brighter Than Ever" -- WSJ
Feb. 11, 1992)