Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices Rise Above Friday's Levels, but End
   Little Changed From Tokyo, London Trading
   ----
   By Kevin Donovan and Anita Raghavan
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
In U.S. trading yesterday, there was no news to drive the
market. Traders and analysts say the market seemed unable to
find a direction, even after two days of gains in overseas
activity. "New York has been sleepwalking for all intents and
purposes," says William Sullivan, director of money market
research at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   The bond market's bellwether security, the 30-year
Treasury bond, rose about 1/2 point from Friday's closing
price in New York. The gain translates into an advance of
about $5 for a bond with a $1,000 face amount. The issue's
yield, which moves in the opposite direction of its price,
eased to 7.57% from 7.61% on Friday. The price of the 30-year
Treasury bond rose about 3/8 point during European trading on
Monday.
   Among the best performers in the Treasury market yesterday
were the existing five-year Treasury notes and the
when-issued five-year Treasury notes. Traders say that both
benefited from short-covering. (In a short sale, an investor
sells borrowed securities and hopes to profit by replacing
them later at a lower price. Short-covering means buying
securities to cover those positions.) The current five-year
Treasury note was quoted late at 99 1/2, up 10/32 from late
Friday in New York, to yield 6.24%. The $9.25 billion of
five-year Treasury notes that will be auctioned Thursday was
quoted late yesterday in when-issued trading to yield 6.25%,
down 0.11 percentage point from the Friday close in New York.
   Today, the Treasury will sell a record $13.75 billion of
two-year notes. The notes were quoted in when-issued trading
at yield of 4.95%, down 0.07 percentage point from Friday.
Last week, Treasury notes and bonds took a six-day battering
that finally let up on Friday during a short-covering rally.
   The upward trend continued overseas Sunday night, Monday
morning and Monday night as well, presenting U.S. traders
with a more buoyant tone than the previous week.
   Meanwhile, the issuance of new corporate bonds, which
slowed down late last week, sprang back to life yesterday.
   Corporations sold more than $2 billion of new bonds and
notes and today is also expected to be a big day for new
debt.
   The fairly large burst of financings came as yields on
U.S. Treasury bonds edged lower and amid market debate over
whether rates will continue to decline significantly.
   Among the biggest borrowers yesterday was
Tele-Communications Inc., the split-rated cable television
systems concern, which sold $600 million of 20-year senior
debentures yielding 9.845%. The debentures carried an
investment-grade rating of Baa-3 from Moody's Investors
Service Inc. and a junk bond ranking of double-B from
Standard  Poor's Corp. The securities were sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Cablevision Industries Corp., another cable company, sold
$300 of 10-year debentures priced to yield 10.75% via Morgan
Stanley  Co. Cablevision is rated as a junk bond by both
Moody's and SP.
   Several financial institutions also sold bonds yesterday,
including blue-chip bank Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. of New
York, which offered $200 million of 10-year subordinated
notes yielding 7.411% and BankAmerica Corp. which sold $300
million of 10-year notes priced to yield 8.179%. Both banking
deals were lead-managed by First Boston Corp.
   Although some buyers felt that the prices of some new
issues yesterday seemed relatively high, it is clear that
underwriters are finding demand for the heavy plate of
securities they are serving up each week.
   Portfolio managers say issues that are meeting
particularly strong demand from investors are high-yielding
bond issues like those offered by Tele-Communications.
   The company originally planned to sell $350 million of
debt securities but boosted the size of the issue because of
strong investor interest.
   In trading yesterday, prices of most investment-grade
corporate bonds ended 1/4 to 3/8 point higher. Junk bonds,
meanwhile, finished the day little changed.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended higher in light trading activity.
   The bond market's bellwether security, the 30-year
Treasury bond, ended at a price of 104 29/32 to yield 7.57%
compared with 104 14/32 to yield 7.61% on Friday in New York.
The latest 10-year notes ended at a price of 103 9/32 to
yield 7.01% compared with 102 25/32 to yield 7.08%.
   Meanwhile, the Treasury sold $20.43 billion of short-term
bills at its weekly auction. The bill auction usually takes
place on Monday, but was rescheduled because the Treasury
market was closed Monday in observance of the Martin Luther
King Jr. holiday.
   The average discount rate on new three-month bills was set
at 3.78% at yesterday's auction while the average discount
rate on new six-month bills was set at 3.84%. Those rates
were down from last week's auction when they were 3.83% and
3.87%, respectively.
   The average discount rate set on three-month bills at
yesterday's auction was the lowest since the average of 3.75%
at the auction on Dec. 23, 1991. The average discount rate
set on six-month bills at yesterday's auction was lowest
since the average of 3.80% at the auction on March 6, 1972.
   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                            13-Week           26-Week
                                                                                                       

 Applications .......... $32,592,780,000   $33,522,680,000
 Accepted bids ......... $10,218,350,000   $10,216,385,000
 Accepted at low price .             48%               75%
 Accepted noncompet'ly .  $1,533,035,000    $1,150,665,000
 Average price (Rate)...  99.045 (3.78%)    98.059 (3.84%)
 High price (Rate) .....  99.050 (3.76%)    98.064 (3.83%)
 Low price (Rate) ......  99.045 (3.78%)    98.059 (3.84%)
 Coupon equivalent .....           3.88%             3.98%
 CUSIP number ..........       912794YK4         912794ZE7
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated Jan. 23, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature April 23, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature July 23,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Municipal bonds ended generally 1/8 to 1/2 point higher.
   Among seasoned municipal issues, the Denver Airport 7.75%
issues of 2021 finished 1/4 higher at 99 7/8 to yield 7.73%.
   In primary-market action, a Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
group won the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power's
$223.4 million issue of 1992 refunding revenue bonds in
competitive bidding.
   The issue is comprised of $160.26 million electric plant
refunding revenue bonds and $63.11 million waterworks
refunding revenue bonds.
   The electric plant issues were priced to yield from 5.70%
in 2001 to 6.40% in 2020; the waterworks issues were priced
to yield from 6% in 2005 to 6.40% in 2028.
   All of the bonds have been rated double-A by both Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Dean Witter said there was an unsold balance of $55.9
million in late trading.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage-backed securities finished higher.
   In secondary trading, Government National Mortgage
Association 7.5% securities gained 9/32 to 98 17/32. Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 7.5% securities were up 10/32
to 97 19/32 and Federal National Mortgage Association 7.5%
securities were up 10/32 at 97 14/32.
   Fannie Mae announced the offering of four real estate
mortgage investment conduits totaling $1.4 billion, as well
as increasing the size of a previous offering by $840
million.