What's News --
   Business and Finance
Consumer prices edged up 0.1% in January after rising 0.2%
in December, suggesting weak demand is still holding
inflation in check. Bond prices rebounded on the data.
Housing starts rose 5.5% last month as apartment construction
soared.
                                                                                                       

   Greenspan said he is starting to see "stirrings"
indicating a "modest quickening in economic activity." But
the Fed chief warned that any recovery could "easily peter
out." His remarks suggest the central bank isn't about to cut
interest rates.
   ---
   GM's Hughes Aircraft named C. Michael Armstrong, heir
apparent to IBM's top spot, to be chairman of the defense
unit. His departure suggests IBM Chairman John Akers plans to
groom a successor from among the ranks of younger executives.
   ---
   Hewlett-Packard's profit jumped 49% in the latest quarter,
much more than analysts expected, reflecting strong demand
for new products plus cost-cutting by the computer maker. Its
stock price surged $9.25 to $73.625.
   ---
   Sony posted a 17% drop in quarterly earnings and predicted
a 45% slide in operating profit for the entire fiscal year.
Sony stock sank 3.8%. Separately, Hitachi faces a possible
downgrading of its debt by Moody's.
   ---
   Centocor disclosed that the FDA raised new questions about
a blood-infection drug that had been expected to enter the
market soon. Centocor stock plunged $8.125 to $33.125.
   ---
   Auto regulators were ordered by a court to re-examine
whether fuel economy standards hurt safety.
   ---
   Dow Corning asserted that its latest research shows no
link between its breast implants and a range of immune
diseases and other disorders.
   ---
   Tele-Communications agreed to sell its United Artists
theater chain for $680 million to a group led by the unit's
former chief executive.
   ---
   Pebble Beach owner Minoru Isutani is selling the
California resort to a Japanese company for an amount said to
be $500 million, 17 months after buying it for $841 million.
   ---
   An ex-Prudential Securities official in its public finance
unit accused the firm of forcing employees to contribute to
certain political candidates. Prudential denied the
allegation.
   ---
   Investors pulled $13.1 billion from money-market funds in
the latest week as yields continued to shrink.
   ---
   Rohr's stock sank $2 to $18.125 on the company's
disclosure that it might face criminal prosecution.
   ---
   Tokyo stock prices slid Wednesday to their lowest level
since the market's 1990 crash. The Nikkei index lost 253.73,
or 1.22%, to 20618.30. London and Frankfurt shares also
declined.
   ---
   Yamaha Corp.'s president quit amid declining profits at
the Japanese maker of musical instruments.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 232,900,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3230.32, up 5.59; transportation 1424.89, up 4.86; utilities
205.50, off 0.50.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4176.27, up 30.91.
   Commodities: Oil $18.41 a barrel, up 29 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.90, up 0.26; spot index 119.07, up 0.03.
   Dollar: 128.20 yen, up 0.22; 1.6425 marks, off 0.0010.