International:
   Japan Will Ask U.S.
   To `Clarify' Proposal
   On Antitrust Policy
U.S. Attorney General William Barr has said he wants to
reinterpret U.S. law to allow antitrust actions to be brought
even if American consumers aren't harmed by an antitrust
violation. That might allow an action against closely linked
foreign companies, such as Japan's keiretsu groupings, whose
purchasing practices discriminate against U.S. exports.
   The Justice Department said in December that it was
contemplating such a policy change, but so far the Bush
administration hasn't lined up behind it.
   Foreign Ministry officials have made it clear that Japan
would like to find a way to increase cooperation with the
U.S. on antitrust enforcement while avoiding becoming the
target of unilateral U.S. measure such as the proposed
reinterpretation of antitrust law.
   The Japan Fair Trade Commission this week released a study
that found ties are loosening within the six major keiretsu.
The study, done in 1989, found that crossshareholdings and
intragroup transactions had declined from 1987. U.S. trade
negotiators are likely to ask for details of the study's
methods and findings.
   Separately, the Ministry of International Trade and
Industry said it would offer to reduce Japan's industrial
tariffs to an average of 1.9% from the current 3.6%. The
offer, likely to be presented next week at multilateral talks
in Geneva, would go beyond a two-year-old Japanese offer to
lower its average to 2.4%. MITI officials note that the
average rates for the U.S., European Community and Canada
would range from 3.5% to 5.5% under plans presented by those
nations. But the Japanese proposal doesn't cover the
contentious area of agricultural and primary products, where
Japan's tariffs remain high.