Business Brief:
   Granite Says Results for Quarter, Year
   Are Far Below Estimates; Stock Dives
The company said net income for the year would be $16.8
million to $17.7 million, or $1.45 to $1.53 a share, down
from 1990 record earnings of $18.8 million, or $1.70 a share.
Analysts had expected the year's profit to be $20.5 million,
or $1.77 a share.
   Revenue for the quarter was "slightly lower" than the
previous year's $158.7 million, and revenue for the year was
slightly ahead of 1990's $558 million, said David H. Watts,
president and chief executive officer.
   Analyst Lewis H. Alton, general partner of L.H. Alton 
Co. in San Francisco, said earnings are difficult to predict
in the heavy-construction business because jobs can't always
be bid with precision. "The nature of this business is there
are going to be problems," Mr. Alton said. "It has nothing to
do with competency."
   Although the earnings disappointed analysts, Mr. Watts
said the company views them as surprisingly good considering
the economic weakness that crippled the nation's construction
industry last year.
   Over the next few years, Mr. Watts added, Granite should
benefit greatly from a new $151 billion federal highway bill
that is expected to boost highway and mass-transit projects
in California and Texas.
   However, Mr. Watts cautioned investors that business this
year would be "a lot less certain than 1991" because of
anticipated sluggishness in residential land development and
delays in reaping the benefits of new public-works funding.