Credit Ratings
NISSAN MOTOR Co. (Tokyo) -- Moody's Investors Service Inc.
said it is reviewing the senior debt ratings of this auto
maker and its units for possible downgrade. About $16 billion
of long-term debt now rated single-A-1 is affected. Moody's
said it is taking the step because of Nissan's unsatisfactory
results, particularly in the competitive Japanese market. The
rating agency also cited the pressures on the company's
operating margins and cash flow from "aggressive capital
investment programs." The move shows that Japanese auto
makers aren't immune from the depressed auto industry
conditions that triggered credit rating cuts for Detroit's
Big Three recently. Nissan executives have already
acknowledged that the company will have its second-straight
year of weaker earnings when its fiscal year closes March 31.
But Moody's noted that Nissan, Japan's second-largest auto
maker, continues to have "significant balance sheet liquidity
and unrealized gains from its short-term investment
portfolio, which is carried below book value. Moody's said
Nissan's cash and short-term investments of over 800 billion
yen, or about $6.45 billion, equals about 26% of its total
debt.
   ---
   XEROX Corp. -- Standard  Poor's Corp. affirmed its
claims-paying ability rating on Crum  Forster Insurance
Group, a unit of Xerox, Stamford, Conn. SP said the
single-A-plus rating reflects a strong business position and
good capitalization, but takes into consideration a large
unrecoverable reinsurance exposure and below expected
underwriting performance of the property-casualty insurer.