Marketing  Media:
   Even Stephen King
   Might Get Scared
   By These Figures
   ---
   Most Households Didn't Buy
   A Single Book Last Year,
   According to New Survey
   ----
   By Meg Cox
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The study was a joint effort by the American Booksellers
Association, the Association of American Publishers and the
Book Industry Study Group. Previous studies have looked at
U.S. reading habits, but this was the first examination of
buying habits, tracking the purchases of 16,000 households
for one year.
   Although publishers haven't had time to fully digest the
findings, the initial reaction is one of concern. Many
publishers have been grumbling lately about a malaise in the
book-buying public that seems to go beyond the
recession-related slump in sales. There have been suggestions
that Americans are becoming less book-oriented, and some say
rising book sales in recent years may be due more to rising
prices than unit gains.
   "What we know by instinct is finally coming out in print,
and the landscape is bleak," said Donald Lamm, chairman of
W.W. Norton, which publishes about 300 titles a year and is
known for serious nonfiction. "It isn't just that books are
suffering in the recession; it's a much deeper societal
trend. We are losing serious readers to their careers, to
exercise rooms, and to every other leisure activity. It will
take more than pictures of Barbara Bush reading to children
to turn this country into a nation of readers."
   The study also found that of all books purchased, only 14%
are bought for gifts, although 26% of hardcovers are bought
as gifts. Two-thirds of all books bought last were popular
fiction, and in mass-market paperbacks, almost half the books
sold were romance novels.