What's News --
   Business and Finance
---
   Small stocks soared 1.3% to their ninth record in a row on
trading volume that was the largest ever for over-the-counter
issues. But the Dow Jones industrials fell 0.89 to 3203.94,
also in heavy trading.
   ---
   Companies sold more than $5 billion in debt yesterday, the
most in several years, to take advantage of low interest
rates and brisk demand.
   ---
   Woolworth intends to close, sell or alter 900 of its
stores and take a $250 million charge, probably causing a
sizable loss for the current period. The retailer's stock
rose $1.50 to $29.
   ---
   McDonnell Douglas and General Dynamics said the U.S.
agreed to try to settle the contractors' lawsuit over the
Navy's canceled A-12 bomber.
   ---
   Some money managers missed out on the late-December stock
rally be cause they used options that locked in gains from
early in the year but also capped returns for the full year.
                                                                                                       

   The SEC blamed institutional trading strategies, not
efforts to limit credit-card interest rates, for November's
sharp stock-market decline.
   ---
   Ethyl Corp.'s bid to sell a new gasoline additive was
rejected by the EPA, which said it could add to smog.
   ---
   CSX is taking a $755 million fourth-period pretax charge,
mostly due to staff cuts. Losses for the quarter and the year
are expected to result.
   ---
   The White House is preparing a broad attack on government
regulations that is likely to be described as part of Bush's
economic revival plan.
   ---
   Hewlett-Packard plans to unveil a computer workstation at
an unexpectedly low price, threatening Sun Microsystems'
market dominance.
   ---
   Oil futures prices slid to a 10-month low amid reported
progress in talks on resuming Iraqi oil exports.
                                                                                                       

   The former Soviet Union's oil production problems are
unlikely to reduce exports as much as expected.
   ---
   Tokyo stock prices tumbled 3.6% Wednesday amid a sharp
rise in short-term interest rates. Prices slipped further
Thursday morning.
   ---
   PaineWebber and nine current and former branch-office
executives were fined $900,000 by the Big Board for alleged
sales violations.
   ---
   Money-market fund assets jumped to a record despite low
yields, ending a three-week string of declines.
   ---
   Critical Care America said it will enter the growing
market for outpatient surgery. The health-care company's
stock surged $6.625 to $63.
   ---
   The Toronto Stock Exchange is likely to close its trading
floor at the end of this year and replace it with an entirely
electronic trading system. But the exchange said it will
continue to use market-making specialists.
   ---
   Many banks are expected to post slightly better
fourth-period profits, aided by lower operating expenses and
wider interest-rate margins.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 289,690,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3203.94, off 0.89; transportation 1380.42, off 2.61;
utilities 221.64, off 0.19.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4366.76, up 6.54.
   Commodities: Oil $17.87 a barrel, off 82 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.05, off 0.04; spot index 112.51, off 0.04.
   Dollar: 124.35 yen, up 0.37; 1.5075 marks, unchanged.