Economy:
   U.S. Industrial
   Output Climbed
   0.6% in February
   ---
   In Another Sign of Upturn,
   Home Starts Jump 9.6%;
   Prices Increase Modestly
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Meanwhile, the prices paid by consumers for goods and
services increased 0.3% last month, following a 0.1% January
increase, the Labor Department announced, as rises in
clothing prices and health-care costs partially offset a drop
in energy prices.
   The 9.6% increase in home-building, to an annual rate of
1,304,000, came as low interest rates continued to propel the
industry, especially in the Midwest. February single-family
housing starts shot up 15%, the Commerce Department said.
   "I think the worst is definitely behind us, and this wave
of restructuring has now crested," said Norman Robertson,
chief economist for Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh. "And while we
may see further layoffs, I don't think they'll be of the same
magnitude as those of the last year," he said, adding that "I
think this recovery is going to take hold, maybe even just in
time for Mr. Bush."
   Workers' earnings outpaced the rise in prices by 1.2% last
month, the Labor Department said. Average weekly earnings,
adjusted for inflation, finished February at $361.18, up
$6.28 from January.
   "This says buying power increased nicely in February, when
you combine the really strong wage gains with moderate
inflation," said Larry Kimbell, senior vice president at WEFA
Group in suburban Philadelphia.
   National Association of Manufacturers economist Gordon
Richards played down fears of inflation, pointing out that
consumer prices have only risen 2.8% since February 1991, and
calling the 0.3% increase "a transitory spike."
   Merrill Lynch economist Bruce Steinberg said, "The
home-building sector is playing its classic role of leading
the economy out of the recession."
   However, those counting on the housing market alone to
prop up the economy shouldn't expect too many more months
like February, said Dave Seiders, chief economist for the
National Association of Home Builders. Mr. Seiders attributed
much of the February growth to announcements by President
Bush of plans for $5,000 tax credits for first-time home
buyers, a proposal that doesn't appear to be going anywhere
for the moment.
   "I really would expect to see the March numbers retreat
from this pace," Mr. Seiders said. "Holding this kind of a
pace is going to be difficult, especially if the tax credit
falls through."
   Yesterday, in her first public remarks since being
confirmed as the commerce secretary, Barbara Franklin told a
gathering of small-manufacturing executives that "brighter
signs for the economy" have become evident. She said a number
of recent economic indicators "seem to have turned a corner
upward."
   Figures in all the reports have been adjusted for seasonal
fluctuations.
   ---
                   INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTION
                                                                                                       

   Here is a summary of the Federal Reserve Board's report on
industrial production in February. The figures are seasonally
adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                                     % change from
                                     Jan.       Feb.
                                     1992       1991
                                                                                                       

 Total ........................      0.6        1.4
   Consumer goods .............      0.9        4.5
   Business equipment .........      1.0        0.5
   Defense and space ..........     -1.1       -9.5

 Manufacturing only ...........      0.7        2.0
   Durable goods ..............      1.0        0.7
   Nondurable goods ...........      0.3        3.6
                                                                                                       

 Mining .......................      0.3       -5.3
                                                                                                       

 Utilities ....................     -0.5        2.0
                                                                                                       

   The industrial production index for February stood at
107.2% of the 1987 average.
   ---
                      CONSUMER PRICES
                                                                                                       

   Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components
of the Labor Department's consumer price index for February.
                                                                                                       

                                     % change from
                                     Jan.       Feb.
                                     1992       1991
                                                                                                       

 All items ......................    0.3        2.8
   Minus food  energy ..........    0.4        3.8
 Food and beverage ..............    0.3        1.5
 Housing ........................    0.2        2.8
 Apparel ........................    1.5        3.2
 Transportation .................   -0.2        0.3
 Medical care ...................    0.8        7.9
 Entertainment ..................    0.4        3.3
 Other ..........................    0.5        7.2
                                                                                                       

   February consumer price indexes (1982-1984 equals 100),
unadjusted for seasonal variation, together with the
percentage increases from February 1991 were:
                                                                                                       

 All urban consumers ............  138.6        2.8
 Urban wage earners  clerical ..  136.4        2.7
 Chicago ........................  139.2        2.7
 Detroit ........................  134.9        2.0
 Los Angeles ....................  144.9        3.6
 New York .......................  148.0        3.1
 Philadelphia ...................  144.2        2.6
 Dallas-Fort Worth ..............  132.4        2.3
 Houston ........................  127.0        2.2
 Pittsburgh .....................  134.3        3.9
 San Francisco ..................  141.0        3.6