Business Brief:
   Bank of New England
   Trustee Sues FDIC
   Over Seizure Tactics
Such suits wouldn't be possible under new banking laws,
which give regulators explicit authority to force a bank
holding company to pump funds into ailing subsidiaries.
Although the actions in the BNE case took place before the
law was passed, a Supreme Court ruling last month tacitly
approved the practice.
   The suit alleges that the FDIC, the Comptroller of the
Currency and the Federal Reserve "effectively stripped {the
holding company} of the bulk of its valuable assets" by
causing it to transfer most of the assets to its troubled
Bank of New England unit and then "manufacturing the
insolvency" of two other subsidiaries, Connecticut National
Bank  Trust Co. and Maine National Bank.
   An FDIC spokeswoman said officials hadn't seen the suit
and couldn't comment.
   Regulators knew in 1989 that BNE would fail, the suit
says, but it was kept alive and a planned bankruptcy filing
was delayed in order to complete an asset transfer and
disposition program meant to lower the cost of the ultimate
failure to FDIC. A bankruptcy filing would have stopped the
transfers.
   The bank was declared insolvent by the FDIC last Jan. 6
and forced into a Chapter 7 bankruptcy the next day. It was
sold by FDIC to Fleet/Norstar Financial Group Inc.,
Providence, R.I., last July.