Technology:
   Intel Is Unveiling
   New Chips in Bid
   To Defend Its Lead
   ----
   By Stephen Kreider Yoder
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
With the new chips, "you have a top-to-bottom spectrum in
486 desktops," said Mr. Otellini. "There's no hole left."
   One new version, the 486DX2, uses a technology that
doubles a chip's internal speed while allowing the chip to
"talk" to the rest of a PC at a slower speed. The chip's
inner clock ticks at 50 million cycles a second, or
megahertz, but the chip exchanges data externally at 25
megahertz.
   Intel's aim is to offer PC makers a boost in speed, while
not requiring them to build the more expensive circuitry that
faster microprocessors typically require. The 486DX2 will
list for $550 each, the same price as Intel's 486 that runs
at 50 megahertz internally and externally and 31% more than
Intel's 25 megahertz 486.
   But PCs using the new chip, while running software only
about 15% slower than the all-50-megahertz chip, will range
in price from $3,000 to $5,000, compared with $5,000 to
$8,000 for 50 megahertz machines, Mr. Otellini said. Compaq
Computer Corp. of Dallas and Taiwan's Acer Group said
yesterday they plan to sell machines using the chip.
   Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., also plans to
announce versions of the 486DX2 chip that computer owners can
use to upgrade some existing 486 machines. Intel will show a
66 megahertz 486 chip, which it plans to ship in the second
half of 1992. And the company will discuss low-voltage
versions of its low-end 486SX chip, aimed at use in notebook
PCs and other portables.
   In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Intel
shares jumped $2.25 to close at $65.75.