Credit Markets:
   Long-Bond Prices Fall Slightly, Shorter Issues
   Show Modest Gains in Quiet Trading Session
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell and Kevin Donovan
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
In contrast, the latest two-year notes ended essentially
unchanged while the latest 10-year notes ended more than 1/8
point higher.
   Lawrence Leuzzi, a managing director at S.G. Warburg 
Co., said trading yesterday was especially quiet, due in part
to the lack of participation by Japanese investors who were
busy closing their books as the end of the Japanese fiscal
year fast approaches.
   "We saw a fairly lackluster day in the credit markets,"
said Mr. Leuzzi. "The fact that long bonds ended down and the
other stuff ended up a little, I don't think was indicative
of anything except the quiet nature of the market."
   Dealers said that activity could pick up today after the
government releases several economic reports. The Labor
Department will release the consumer price index for
February, the Commerce Department will release housing starts
data and the Federal Reserve will report the latest
industrial production statistics.
   A Dow Jones Capital Markets Report consensus of economists
believes that housing starts were flat last month at a 1.165
million-unit annual rate after rising 5.5% in January.
Industrial production is expected to have risen between 0.4%
and 0.8% last month, analysts say.
   "Both industrial production and housing starts are the
kind of numbers that could at least put a floor under the
market" if they are weak and break the string of economic
indicators suggesting that economic activity is heating up,
says Charles Lieberman, managing director of financial
markets research at Chemical Securities Inc. Of course, if
the reports are stronger than expected, some analysts expect
bond prices to continue to decline.
   The CPI report is expected to mimic other recent inflation
reports and reveal that consumer prices are rising very
slowly. Economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report
believe the CPI rose 0.3% with or without the food and energy
components.
   If inflation is higher than expected, bond prices could
sink further. But a better-than-expected CPI is expected to
have very little effect on the bond market. The bond market
"is trading emotionally right now. It's not reacting to good
inflation numbers," said Peter McTeague, fixed-income analyst
at Technical Data, a division of Thomson Financial Services.
Even if the CPI report is very positive, "we could see 8.10%
long-bond yields," he said.
   Some analysts say that investors seem to be waiting for
evidence that a bottom has been reached on note and bond
prices before getting too enthusiastic about fixed-income
securities again.
   "So many seem to have been long and wrong that it's very
difficult for them to buy more," said William Brachfeld,
executive vice president at Daiwa Securities America Inc.
   Meanwhile, the prospect of more supply and the lack of
much foreign demand for U.S. Treasurys is also weighing on
the market.
   The Treasury will announce tomorrow details of next week's
monthly two-year note and five-year note auctions. Last
month, the Treasury sold $14.25 billion of two-year notes and
$9.75 billion of five-year notes. Many analysts expect the
Treasury to increase the size of those auctions.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended mixed yesterday. The benchmark 30-year
bond ended at 99 3/32 to yield 8.07% compared with 99 5/32 to
yield 8.06% on Friday. The latest 10-year notes ended higher,
at a price of 98 22/32 to yield 7.67% compared with 98 17/32
to yield 7.70%. The latest two-year notes ended unchanged at
99 4/32 to yield 5.84%.
   Meanwhile, the Treasury sold $22.86 billion of short-term
bills yesterday at its regular weekly auction.
   The average discount rate on the three-month bills was
4.09% and the average rate on the six-month bills was 4.27%.
Those rates were up from last week's auction when they were
4.02% and 4.13%, respectively. The average discount rate on
new three-month bills at yesterday's auction was the highest
since the average of 4.14% at the auction Dec. 16 and the
average rate on new six-month bills was the highest since the
average of 4.39% at the auction Dec. 2.
   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                 13-Week         26-Week
                                                                                                       

   Applications ............ $34,085,810,000 $29,755,085,000
   Accepted bids ........... $11,434,475,000 $11,430,400,000
   Accepted at low price ...             12%             69%
   Accepted noncompet'ly ...  $1,337,705,000    $885,965,000
   Average price (Rate) ....  98.966 (4.09%)  97.841 (4.27%)
   High price (Rate) .......  98.974 (4.06%)  97.846 (4.26%)
   Low price (Rate) ........  98.964 (4.10%)  97.841 (4.27%)
   Coupon equivalent .......           4.19%           4.43%
   CUSIP number ............       912794YT5       912794ZL1
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated March 19, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature June 18, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature Sept. 17,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Issuers of junk bonds are about to go on a borrowing
binge. Investment bankers and analysts say about half a dozen
companies are preparing to sell about $1.3 billion of
below-investment-grade bonds during the next two weeks.
   In the supply-heavy bond market, prices often decline and
yields jump when the market is hit with a sudden surge of new
securities.
   However, analysts said the junk bond market is suffering
from a dearth of supply. As a result, they expect yields to
remain at current levels or decline somewhat. Moreover, they
say many new issues involve swapping older higher-yielding
debt for new debt with much lower rates, which also may put
downward pressure on junk bond yields.
   Among the awaited issues is a $400 million two-part issue
of Safeway Inc. seven-year and 15-year senior subordinated
notes. Market sources say the pricing could come early today.
   Safeway, which ranks among the nation's largest
supermarket retailers, is expected to use the proceeds to
replace the last of its debt stemming from the company's 1986
leveraged buy-out. This debt includes $150 million of 11.75%
notes due in 1986, and $250 million of 12% debentures due in
1998.
   The pricing is expected to be "aggressive," analysts said,
meaning that yields on the securities may be relatively low.
Safeway's seven-year notes are expected to be priced at yield
that is 1.85 percentage points above the Treasury's
seven-year note. Safeway's 15-year notes is targeted at a
yield of 2.10 percentage points above the Treasury's 10-year
note. These spreads are roughly 0.10 percentage point
narrower than those forecast by analysts last week.
   "Safeway is considered a strong first-tier credit," said
Kingman Penniman, an analyst with Duff  Phelps/MCM.
"Underwriters should have no problem selling the issue," he
said.
   With the market's attention focused so sharply on coming
issues, action in the secondary market for high-yield,
high-risk securities was quiet, with most actively traded
issues ending flat to down 1/8. In the investment-grade
market, prices ended little changed.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Municipal bond prices ended lower.
   Among seasoned names, the Florida Board of Education's
6.70% issues of 2022 ended 3/8 lower at 99 1/8 to yield
6.76%.
   New issuance was light yesterday, with three sizable,
tax-exempt issues totaling about $314 million priced.
   In one of the largest deals to come to market, a Goldman,
Sachs  Co. group priced $134.83 million of Gainesville,
Fla., utilities system revenue bonds to yield from 5.00% in
1996 to 6.76% in 2022. The bonds are rated double-A by both
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Elsewhere, good demand greeted New York City's offering of
$99 million general obligation variable rate bonds priced by
a First Boston Corp. group. The variable rate bonds, on which
the interest rate will be reset daily, were priced to yield
2.20%.
   The bonds are the final portion of the city's sale of
approximately $995 million in GOs, the bulk of which was
priced two weeks ago.
   The New York City bonds are insured by Financial Guaranty
Insurance Co. As a result, they carry the highest short-term
rating of MIG-1 from Moody's, SP1-Plus from SP, and F-1-Plus
from Fitch Investors Service Inc.
   The yield on the New York City variable-rate bonds is
about 0.40 percentage point lower than yields available on
most outstanding issues with similar maturities, dealers
said.
   The lower yields on the New York City bonds reflect a lack
of supply of short-term New York issues and the resulting
strong demand for the offerings, dealers added.

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities ended lower.
   In secondary trading, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities were down 5/32 at 97 9/32, Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8% securities slipped 5/32 to
97 and Federal National Mortgage Association 8% securities
lost 5/32 to 96 28/32.
   In the market for real estate mortgage investment
conduits, new-issue activity was limited to increases in two
Freddie Mac deals.
   Salomon Brothers Inc., which underwrote both, boosted
Freddie Mac's series Gold 1258 to $1.04 billion from $500
million and tripled the size of Freddie Mac's series Gold
1255 to $1.5 billion from $500 million. The collateral for
these deals was Freddie Mac 15-year 8% mortgage securities
and Freddie Mac Gold 8.5% issues, respectively.