Money Fund Assets
   Surge to New High
   Despite Low Yields
   ----
   By Georgette Jasen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Assets of 521 taxable funds tracked by the Ashland, Mass.,
newsletter soared by $26.9 billion, to $483.2 billion. Assets
of 291 tax-exempt funds jumped by $4.1 billion, to $95.1
billion.
   The average seven-day compound yield on taxable funds,
meanwhile, tumbled to 4.49% from 4.61%, Donoghue's said. On
tax-free funds, the average seven-day compound yield dropped
to 3.89% from 4.42%. Compound yields assume reinvestment of
dividends.
   Taxable yields have been falling steadily for months,
along with all short-term interest rates. Tax-free yields
typically rise at year-end and fall at the start of the year
in response to the supply of and demand for short-term
municipal securities.
   More than three-quarters of the cash going into taxable
funds in the week ended Tuesday came from institutional
investors, said Martha Wittbrodt, editor of Donoghue's. Some
of that $21.3 billion came from pension-plan and
profit-sharing contributions that probably will be moved
elsewhere eventually, she said.
   There usually are large outflows from money funds at the
end of the year and big inflows at the start of the new year
because of seasonal factors, but the numbers were especially
huge this year. Assets of taxable funds dropped by $12.5
billion in the week ended Dec. 31, according to Donoghue's.
An additional $9.4 billion left taxable money funds in the
previous two weeks.
   Investors withdrew $9.7 billion from taxable funds in the
last week of 1990 and put in $18.7 billion the following
week.
   The average seven-day simple yield on taxable funds fell
to 4.40% from 4.51%, Donoghue's said. The average 30-day
simple yield eased to 4.52% from 4.56%, and the average
30-day compound yield declined to 4.62% from 4.66%.
   Average maturity of the taxable funds' investments --
which include commercial paper (short-term corporate IOUs),
Treasury bills and bank certificates of deposit -- shortened
by three days to 56 days. Ms. Wittbrodt said fund managers
may have been taking advantage of higher rates on very
short-term investments at the end of the year.
   The latest yield on tax-free funds is equivalent to a
taxable 5.40% for an investor in the 28% tax bracket and to
5.64% for someone paying 31% in taxes.
   Average maturity for the tax-exempt funds shortened by one
day to 55 days.