Phillips Petroleum
   Plans Offer of Stake
   In Gas-Gathering Unit
The company said it was making the offering, what it calls
"an equity carve-out," so that its vast gathering system
would get better recognition in the stock market and to
reduce a portion of its sizable debt. At the end of 1991,
Phillips had long-term debt of $3.88 billion. Some analysts
estimated Phillips could pay down from $550 million to $750
million of debt after it completes the offering.
   Phillips, like other companies in the industry, has been
hurt by the plunge in natural gas prices to 12-year lows. In
the fourth quarter, the company's domestic exploration and
production operations recorded a loss of $111 million,
compared with net income of $106 million a year earlier. In
addition, Phillips's sizable petrochemical business has been
suffering from the weak economy, as has its gasoline refining
and marketing operations.
   But the gas gathering business, which isn't dependent on
the price of natural gas, had an operating profit of $108
million in 1991 and $120 million in 1990.
   For all of 1991, Phillips had net income of $258 million,
or 99 cents a share, compared with net of $779 million, or
$3.13 a share, a year earlier.
   B.M. Thompson, currently vice chairman of Phillips, has
been designated chairman and chief executive officer of GPM
Gas and will step down from Phillips's board at the time of
the offering.