Winter Olympics 1992:
   Results
   ----
   By Timothy J. Carroll
Bonnie Blair won her second consecutive women's 500-meter
skeed-skating gold medal.
   Ms. Blair's time of 40.33 seconds was well off her 1988
Olympic and world record of 39.10, but well ahead of
runner-up Ye Qiaobo of China. Ms. Ye finished in 40:51. The
race was delayed an hour after warm weather caused puddles to
collect on the oval.
   Christa Luding, the 1984 champion and 1988 runner-up, won
the bronze in 40.57.
                                                                                                       

   LUGE
                                                                                                       

   Georg Hackl of Germany, the 1988 silver medalist, won the
men's singles luge with a time of 3:02.363 seconds for his
four runs.
   Mr. Hackl widened his first-day lead, leaving Markus Prock
of Austria with the silver medal. Markus Schmidt, another
Austrian, won the bronze.
   Mr. Hackl, a 25-year-old soldier from Bavaria was 0.306
second faster than Mr. Prock and 0.579 second faster than Mr.
Schmidt.
   Mr. Hackl, a two-time world champion, posted the fastest
times in three heats, including both yesterday, when fresh
snow slowed the course.
   Duncan Kennedy was the top American finisher in 10th
place, about 1.5 seconds behind the leader. This is the only
Olympic sport meausured to thousandths of a second.
                                                                                                       

   CROSS-COUNTRY SKIING
                                                                                                       

   Norwegians swept the three medals in the men's
30-kilometer cross-country skiing, as Vegard Ulvang, 28, took
the gold in a time of one hour, 22 minutes 27.8 seconds.
   The Norwegians had previously been shut out in this event.
Bjorn Dahlie and Terje Langli won the silver and bronze,
respectively. The clean sweep of medals is the first in men's
Nordic skiing since the sport joined the Winter Games program
in 1948 at St. Moritz. The 30K race was added in 1956.
                                                                                                       

   COMBINED DOWNHILL
                                                                                                       

   Jan Einar Thorsen of Norway leads after the downhill
portion of the men's combined event, but Paul Accola of
Switzerland appears in position to win.
   Mr. Accola, the World Cup overall leader and winner of
both combined events on the tour this season, is among the
world's best in the slalom -- the race that completes the
combined competition today. Mr. Accola is 0.76 second off the
lead, in fifth place.
   Mr. Thorsen has never finished in the top 15 in the slalom
on the World Cup circuit. Indeed, he says he hasn't trained
for the slalom in six years. His downhill time was 1:44.97.
   Gianfranco Martin of Italy, a good slalom skier, was
second in the downhill portion in 1:45.48, followed by
another Italian, Franco Colturi, in 1:45.59. Xavier Gigandet
of Switzerland was fourth in 1:45.61.
   A.J. Kitt of the U.S. was 10th, while Californian Kyle
Rasmussen was 11th -- both are probably too far back to win
medals.
                                                                                                       

   HOCKEY
                                                                                                       

   Czechoslovakia beat France 6-4, after the French team had
taken a 2-0 first-period lead on the medal contenders.
   The United Team thrashed Norway, 8-1, the former Soviet
team's second consecutive rout.
   Canada beat Switzerland 6-1, as Eric Lindros scored two
goals and had an assist.
   The three winners are tied for first place atop their
six-team group.

   MISSING NATION
                                                                                                       

   Alberto Perez, where are you? The roll call at the
Olympics dropped to 64 nations when Mr. Perez, Colombia's
only registered athlete failed to appear for his event.
   Clemencia Anaya, who is coordinating Colombia's
participation in the Summer Olympics, said she hasn't heard
of Mr. Perez. "If he registered, he did it extra-officially,"
she commented in Bogota.