Fleming Cos. Forms
   Supermarket Venture
   With Mexican Firm
The move comes as several U.S. companies have teamed up
with Mexican retailers to get a foothold in the huge Mexican
market. Last year, Cifra, Mexico's largest retailer, and
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the Bentonville, Ark., discounter that
is the largest in the U.S., said they would develop
membership warehouse clubs in Mexico, cavernous outlets aimed
at small businesses that carry only a few thousand items
priced near wholesale.
   In contrast, the Gigante-Fleming supermarkets, geared to
individual consumers, will be 40,000 to 55,000 square feet,
but will stock only 10,000 to 14,000, mostly branded items. A
typical grocery store of that size in the U.S. -- and the
average Gigante store -- carries about 50,000 items.
   In an interview, Fleming Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer Dean Werries said the move is part of Fleming's
strategy to expand its international business by 15% to 25% a
year. The company currently records about $200 million in
sales outside the U.S. out of $13 billion in total revenue.
In addition, the experience may help it increase the products
it buys from Mexico.
   Angel Losada Moreno, executive vice president of Grupo
Gigante will be chairman of the new company. Mr. Werries will
be vice chairman and Wayne Epperson, currently a Fleming vice
president, will be chief executive.