Philip Morris Posts
   Decline of 13%
   In 4th-Period Net
   ----
   By Kathleen Deveny
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The giant food and tobacco concern said net was $767
million, or 83 cents a share, compared with $880 million, or
95 cents a share, in the year-earlier period.
   Revenue for the quarter dropped 3.7% to $13.7 billion,
from $14.22 billion a year earlier. The company blamed the
decline on lower revenue from North American food operations
and an accounting change caused by the 1990 acquisition of
Jacobs Suchard AG, a European coffee and confectionery
company.
   The results before the charges matched the expectations of
Wall Street analysts, who had been predicting quarterly
earnings of $1.18. "If you strip away all the one-time items,
it was very much in line with my expectations of a very good
quarter," said Marc Cohen, a tobacco analyst with Sanford C.
Bernstein  Co.
   Philip Morris shares were quoted at $75.75, down 50 cents
in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
   The restructuring at Philip Morris's food business,
announced in November, resulted in a fourth-quarter charge of
$455 million. That reduced quarterly earnings after taxes by
$275 million, or 30 cents a share. The accounting change
resulted in a further charge of $23 million, or three cents a
share, for the quarter.
   So far, the company has declined to disclose details of
the restructuring at Kraft General Foods, saying only that it
is consolidating manufacturing and distribution facilities
and getting out of several unprofitable businesses.
   The retrenchment at Kraft General Foods signals Philip
Morris's intensifying concern about slowing growth at the
nation's largest food company. Apart from the accounting
change, quarterly revenue and operating income from North
American food operations declined 3.2% and 6% respectively,
as price competition intensified and recession-weary
consumers traded down to lower-priced products.
   For the year, Philip Morris's net declined 15% to $3
billion, or $3.25 a share, from $3.5 billion, or $3.83 a
share. Annual revenue increased 10.3% to $56.5 billion from
$51.2 billion in 1990. The accounting change resulted in a
charge to annual earnings of $1 billion, or $1.09 cents a
share.