IBM, Digital
   Expect Losses
   For Full Year
   ---
   Most Large Computer Firms
   Had Weak 4th Quarter;
   Unisys Sees Turnaround
   ----
   By John R. Wilke
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The largest companies were particularly hard hit.
International Business Machines Corp. is expected to report a
big loss, after a $3 billion pretax charge, and its first
year-over-year revenue decline since 1946. Digital Equipment
Corp., the nation's second-largest computer maker, will
report the first operating loss in its history.
   IBM says it will take the $3 billion charge to pay the
cost of cutting its work force by another 20,000 people this
year -- after cutting about that many in 1991 -- and a
sweeping reorganization.
   Uncertainty over the net effect of the charge has resulted
in widely varying fourth-quarter forecasts. Salomon Bros.
analyst Steven Milunovich expects IBM, Armonk, N.Y., to
report a $771 million net loss, or $1.35 a share, on a 2%
revenue decline to $22.5 billion. Mr. Stevens of Dean Witter
is more optimistic with a net loss of $31 million, or five
cents a share, but he sees a 3.3% revenue decline, to $22.3
billion. In the 1990 fourth quarter, net income was $2.461
billion, or $4.30 a share, on revenue of $23.061 billion.
   But most analysts are focusing on IBM's operating results,
where there is less uncertainty. Mr. Milunovich is
forecasting a profit before the charges of $1.5 billion, or
$2.70 a share, while Mr. Stevens sees operating profit of
$1.469 billion, or $2.57 a share.
   Digital, based in Maynard, Mass., attributes the expected
loss for its second fiscal quarter to the weakening world
economy, especially in Europe, and to a broad transition to a
new generation of computers that weren't available in the
fourth quarter. Analysts see a net loss for the period
ranging from $75 million to $125 million, or 50 cents to $1 a
share, compared with yearago net of $111.1 million, or 92
cents a share.
   Revenue is expected to slip to between $3.2 billion and
$3.3 billion, from $3.35 billion a year ago. Marc G. Schulman
of UBS Securities Inc. says the decline will come from
product sales, which will be about 2.5% lower than in the
September quarter. Service revenue, on the other hand, has
continued rising, but not enough to offset the decline in
computer and software sales. Mr. Schulman, who is convinced
that Digital hit bottom in December and will start to rebound
by March, has a "buy" recommendation on the stock.
   Unisys Corp., Blue Bell, Pa., should report its first
profit in two years in the fourth quarter. Thanks largely to
cost reductions related to a $1.2 billion restructuring
charge earlier this year, analysts expect Unisys to report a
profit for the quarter of about $24 million, or 15 cents a
share, despite sharply lower revenue estimated between $2.67
billion and $2.34 billion. In the 1990 quarter, its net loss
was $119 million, or 74 cents a share, on revenue of $2.933
billion.
   In Silicon Valley, Hewlett-Packard Co. is expected to
report essentially flat results for its fiscal first quarter
ending Jan. 31. Shao Wang, of Smith Barney, Harris Upham 
Co., forecast net income of $208 million, or 83 cents a
share, on $3.7 billion in revenue. Last year the Palo Alto,
Calif., computer and instrument maker had net income of $205
million, or 83 cents, on $3.4 billion in revenue.
   Even some personal computer makers will report weak
results, as intense price competition and sluggish sales have
slashed profit margins in the industry.
   Compaq Computer Corp. may be the biggest casualty. Michele
S. Preston of Cowen  Co. expects net income of $40.3
million, or 45 cents a share, on sharply lower revenue of
$800 million. Marianne Wolk of Oppenheimer  Co. is a little
more optimistic, forecasting per-share net of 55 cents -- and
some estimates range as high as 75 cents, based on favorable
currency translations in the quarter and notebook computer
sales. In the 1990 fourth quarter, the Houston firm earned
$134.8 million, or $1.51 a share, on sales of $1 billion.
   Apple Computer Inc., Cupertino, Calif., should be a bright
spot in the stagnating desktop market, Ms. Preston says. She
projects net income of $128 million, or $1.04 a share, on
sharply higher revenue of $1.877 billion. In the year-ago
period, Apple reported net income of $150.5 million, or $1.28
a share, on revenue of $1.676 billion.
   Stratus Computer Inc. has also enjoyed revenue growth.
Analysts expect the Marlborough, Mass., maker of
fault-tolerant computers will report net income of about
$16.4 million, or 73 cents a share, on an 8% revenue hike to
$128 million. Net income in the 1990 period was $13.46
million, or 64 cents a share, on revenue of $118.5 million.
   In workstations, market leader Sun Microsystems Inc.
should earn between $43 million and $49 million, or 42 cents
and 48 cents a share, on $860 million to $875 million in
revenue for the second fiscal quarter ended Dec. 28, says
Robert G. Herwick of Hambrecht  Quist Inc. But Mr. Herwick
worries about the coming year, with Sun facing unexpectedly
strong competition in the critical under-$10,000 market
segment from IBM, Hewlett-Packard, Digital and Silicon
Graphics Inc.
   In the year-ago second quarter, Sun, based in Mountain
View, Calif., had net of $39.1 million, or 39 cents, on
revenue of $753.5 million.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp. expects to report a
loss in the fourth quarter and Digital Equipment Corp.
expects to report a loss in its fiscal second quarter ended
Dec. 28. A headline in Friday's edition incorrectly stated
that IBM and Digital expect full-year losses.
   (WSJ Jan. 13, 1992)