Economy:
   Business Failures
   Rose 44% in 1991
   To Record Level
   ----
   By Suein L. Hwang
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"The recession, coupled with the vast amount of debt
accumulated in the 1980s, has taken its toll across the
U.S.," said Joseph W. Duncan, vice president and corporate
economist at DB. He added that a quick turnaround is
unlikely, considering the prospects for slow growth in 1992.
"In fact, the first phases of a recovery are often too
little, too late for many firms," he noted.
   DB said dollar liabilities associated with the failures
in 1991 nearly doubled to $108.8 billion from $55 billion.
While much of the increase was due to a handful of very large
companies, the increase will continue to affect suppliers and
business partners.
   Bankruptcy filings in all major industry groups excluding
mining jumped by more than 25%, but the biggest jumps were in
the finance, insurance and real estate sectors. This group,
hurt by the depressed real estate market, showed a 54%
increase in 1991 failures to 5,862 from 3,818.
   Failures rose 45% from 1990 in the construction industry,
and by 41% in the services group. DB said failures in the
services sector accounted for nearly one-third of all
business failures in the year, possibly reflecting spending
cuts among larger businesses.
   Consumers also whittled their spending, causing a 31% jump
in retail trade failures to 17,008 from 12,972.
   New England states again reported the largest increase in
business failures. DB said business failures there soared
81% to 5,590 from 3,087. Massachusetts, which had a 47%
increase, accounted for more than half of the region's
failures.
   The Middle Atlantic states, led by a more than twofold
increase in New Jersey and a 70% jump in New York, came in
second with a 76% rise in overall failures. Failures in the
South Atlantic region rose 52%, and in the Pacific region --
driven by a 62% increase in California -- rose by 63%.
   Results were mixed in the U.S. interior states. The West
North Central states posted a 41% increase in failures while
the Mountain states reported a smaller increase of 31%. The
West South Central Region had only a 6% increase in business
failures.
   DB's statistics include businesses that stopped operating
after bankruptcy or foreclosure, that were involved in court
actions such as reorganization or receivership, or that
voluntarily compromised with creditors.