New Securities Issues
of notes was priced through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers Inc. The first part, consisting of $100 million
notes due March 15, 1997, was priced as 8 1/4% at 99.757 to
yield 8.31%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of
135 basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. The
second part, consisting of $100 million of notes due March
15, 2002, was priced at par to yield 9.125%. The noncallable
notes were priced at a spread of 155 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. Both parts are rated Baa-3 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-minus by Standard
 Poor's Corp.
   Stone Container Corp. -- $200 million issue of senior
subordinated notes, due April 1, 2002, was won in competitive
bidding by a group led by Bear, Stearns  Co., and was
reoffered as 10 3/4% at 99.50 to yield 10.831%. The senior
subordinated notes are noncallable for five years and are
rated single-B-2 by Moody's and single-B-plus by SP.
   Bear Stearns Cos. -- $150 million issue of senior notes,
due March 15, 2004, was priced as 8 3/4% at 99.792 to yield
8.778%. The noncallable senior notes were priced at a spread
of 120 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Bear, Stearns  Co.
   Allegheny Ludlum Corp. -- $90 million issue of convertible
subordinated debentures, due March 15, 2002, was priced at
par to yield 5.875%. The debentures are convertible into
common stock at $40.50 a share, representing a 20.45%
conversion premium over yesterday's closing price. Rated
Baa-2 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Monroe County, N.Y. -- The bulk of $121,175,000 various
improvement general obligation bonds, comprised of $110
million public improvement general obligation bonds, due
March 1, 1993-2012, and $11,175,000 water improvement general
obligation bonds, due June 1, 1992-2017, apparently were won
by a Lehman Brothers group. The Lehman group apparently
placed the winning bid for $110 million of the general
obligation bonds with a bid setting the net interest cost at
6.04%. The bonds, insured by MBIA Corp. and rated triple-A by
both Moody's and SP, were priced for reoffering to yield
from 3.20% in 1993 to 6.50% in 2010-2012. Bonds maturing in
2001 and 2002 are not formally reoffered to investors. The
$11,175,000 portion of Monroe County's $121,175,000 various
improvement general obligation bonds, apparently was won by a
Bear Stearns group with a bid setting the net interest cost
at 6.36%. The bonds, insured by AMBAC Indemnity Corp. and
rated triple-A by both Moody's and by SP, were priced for
reoffering to yield from 4.30% in 1994 to 6.50% in 2013-2017.
Bonds maturing in 1992 and 1993 are not formally reoffered to
investors.
   Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Metro Council, Minnesota --
$62,850,000 general obligation refunding bonds, Series 1992
A, due Dec. 1, 1996-2009, apparently were won by a Merrill
Lynch  Co. group with a bid setting the true interest cost
at 6.08%. The bonds, rated triple-A by both Moody's and SP,
were priced for reoffering to yield from 5.00% in 1996 to
6.50% in 2008 and 2009.
   Louisiana -- $229,715,000 improvement general obligation
bonds, Series 1992 A, due May 1, 1993-2012, apparently were
won by a Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co. group with a bid
setting the true interest cost at 6.630236%. The bonds, rated
Baa-1 by Moody's and single-A by SP, were priced for
reoffering to yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.70% in 2010-2012.
Bonds maturing in 1993-2006 are insured by MBIA Corp. and
rated triple-A by both Moody's and SP. In addition, bonds
maturing in 2007-2012 are insured by AMBAC Indemnity and also
rated triple-A.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Lone Star Steakhouse  Saloon Inc. -- Initial 1.4 million
shares were priced at $13.50 each through underwriters led by
Montgomery Securities.
   New Plan Realty Trust -- Three million common shares were
priced at $21.125 each through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch  Co.
   El Paso Natural Gas Co. -- Initial five million shares
were priced at $19 each through underwriters led by Morgan
Stanley  Co. El Paso Natural Gas is the natural gas pipeline
subsidiary of Burlington Resources Inc., which will retain
86% of the company after the offer is completed. The five
million shares represent a 14% interest in the company's
outstanding common shares.
   Liposome Co. -- Three million common shares were priced at
$13.75 each through underwriters led by Hambrecht  Quist
Inc.
   Green Tree Acceptance Inc. -- Offering of three million
common shares at $36 a share. The company has granted
underwriters Merrill Lynch and First Boston Corp. the option
to purchase an additional 450,000 shares to cover
overallotments.
   Duff  Phelps Corp. -- Initial three million shares were
priced at $18 each through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
   Cellcor Inc. -- Initial two million shares were priced at
$11 each through underwriters led by Furman Selz Inc.
   Glacier Water Services Inc. -- Initial two million shares
were priced at $11 each through underwriters led by Sutro 
Co.
   Barnett Banks Inc. --  3.3 million common shares were
priced at $32.25 each through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers.
                                                                                                       

                          AGENCY
                                                                                                       

   Student Loan Marketing Association -- $300 million issue
of notes, due March 20, 1996, was priced at par to float
weekly at a spread of 35 basis points above the Treasury's
three-month bill. The noncallable notes will pay interest
quarterly. The first interest payment will be June 20. The
issue will be sold through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by First Boston. The offering, Series Gold 1257, is
backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 7% mortgage securities.
The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 7.70%
and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 14.67
years. The issue settles May 29.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $720 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Bear Stearns. The
offering, Series Gold 1259, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8
1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 9.125% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 29.33 years. The issue settles May 29.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
The offering, Series Gold 1260, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
15-year 8% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 8.70% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 14.33 years. The issue settles May 29.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Lehman Brothers. The
offering, Series Gold 1261, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%
mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 8.70% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 29.83 years. The issue settles May 29.
                                                                                                       

                        EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   European Coal  Steel Community (Agency) -- 500 billion
lire of 10.30% Eurobonds due April 8, 1997, at issue price
101 1/2 via Banca Nazionale del Lavoro and Cariplo. Yield
10.37% (annual) less full fees. Fees 1 3/4.
   ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (the Netherlands) -- 500 million Dutch
guilders of 8 1/4% bonds due April 24, 2007, at 99.40 via ABN
AMRO Bank. Fees 1.
   Credit Local de France (France) -- 500 million French
francs of 8 5/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 20, 2002, via Credit
Commercial de France. Offered at initial fixed price of 99.14
to yield 8.91%, margin 0.36 points above French government's
8 1/2% due November 2002. Will trade interchangeably with
existing three billion franc issue. Fees not disclosed.
   CGER-ASLK ISICO (Belgian parent) -- 100 million marks of
subordinated floating rate notes due April 23, 2015, at par
via Trinkaus  Burkhardt. Six-month London interbank offered
rate plus 3/8. Redeemed after 10 years in five equal
installments of 20 million marks through legal drawing. Fees
0.45.
   General Electric Credit Corp. (U.S.) -- $150 million
(Canadian) of 9% Eurobonds due Nov. 25, 1997, at issue price
100.865 via Wood Gundy Inc. Offered initially at a fixed
price of 99.24 to yield 8.957%, spread 0.30 above Canadian
government's 7 1/2% due July 1997. Will trade interchangeably
with existing C$150 million of identical bonds. Fees 1 7/8.
   State Electricity Commission of Victoria (Australia) --
$100 million (Australian) of 11% Eurobonds due April 9, 2002,
at issue price 101 5/8 via Merrill Lynch International. Yield
10.92% less full fees. Fees 2 1/8.
   Denki Kagaku Kogyo KK (Japan) -- 40 billion yen, twopart
Eurobond issue via Nikko Europe Ltd. A 20 billion yen of 5.7%
bonds due July 16, 1996, at issue price 101 1/4, offered
initially at a fixed price of 99.925. Fees 1 5/8. Also a 20
billion yen of 5 3/4% bonds due July 16, 1997 at issue price
101.60, offered initially at fixed price of 100.05 to yield
5.73%. Fees 1 7/8.