What's News --
   Business and Finance
The index of leading indicators fell 0.3% in November, the
gauge's sharpest slide in 10 months, suggesting business
activity won't expand significantly in the near future. A big
decline in consumer expectations was the largest factor in
the index's drop.
   ---
   Stocks edged up, setting another batch of records, while
bond prices rallied and the dollar fell. The Dow Jones
industrials rose 4.92 points to 3168.83 in volatile and heavy
trading. For all of 1991, the industrial average surged
535.17 points, or 20.3%, while the S&P 500 was up 26% and
Nasdaq's composite index soared 56.8%.
   ---
   Stock-fund sales rose sharply in December after the funds
took in $3.5 billion in November, bringing their inflow for
1991's first 11 months to $31 billion, well above the amount
needed to set a record for the year. Many fund companies were
surprised by the heavy buying in December.
   ---
   Retirement funds increased their holdings of small-company
stocks in 1991, with 51% of corporate pension managers
holding such stocks, up from 46% in 1990, a study found.
                                                                                                       

   Investment contracts sold by insurance companies accounted
for 36.6% of total pension fund assets in 1991, down from
41.2% in 1989.
   ---
   SmithKline was cleared to market a new arthritis drug as
the FDA issued a flurry of year-end drug approvals.
SmithKline shares rose $4 to $86.25. Pfizer won approval for
a new anti-depressant, but the company's stock fell on news
of a short delay in introducing a pneumonia treatment.
                                                                                                       

   Merck's Pepcid ulcer drug doesn't increase the absorption
of alcohol into the bloodstream but two other ulcer drugs,
Glaxo's Zantac and SmithKline's Tagamet, do, a study found.
   ---
   GE plans to more than double the size of its railcar
leasing operation by leasing most of Itel's railcar fleet,
allowing Itel, a diversified holding concern, to refinance
high-cost debt.
   ---
   Maxwell Communication's court-appointed overseers in
Britain and the U.S. reached a pact on running the company
while it goes through parallel bankruptcy-law proceedings.
   ---
   Peat Marwick partner Walter Schuetze has emerged as the
top candidate to be the SEC's chief accountant, say people
close to the agency.
   ---
   Tucson Electric's creditors failed to force the ailing
utility company into bankruptcy proceedings. Its stock jumped
$1.125, or 20%, to $5.50.
   ---
   Chemical Banking completed its merger with Manufacturers
Hanover. The company boosted its projection of savings from
the merger but also increased a one-time charge.
   ---
   Accounting firm Ernst & Young's role in the failure of 23
S&Ls is being investigated by thrift regulators.
   ---
   Tuesday's Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 247,670,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3168.83, up 4.92; transportation 1358.00, up 13.08; utilities
226.15, up 2.44.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4351.88, up 19.40.
   Commodities: Oil $19.12 a barrel, up 47 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 120.14, up 0.38; spot index 109.79, up 0.12.
   Dollar: 124.85 yen, off 0.70; 1.5170 marks, off 0.0023.