Economy:
   Survey on Hiring
   Sees Slow Growth
   In Second Quarter
   ----
   By Timothy D. Schellhardt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Still, on an unadjusted basis, the employment-services
concern finds that 21% of firms surveyed plan to increase
their work force in the second quarter, while 10% plan
reductions. This 11% net-hiring increase was stronger than in
the first quarter, when as many employers planned additions
as reductions to staff. The 11% rise also compares well with
the 5% net-hiring unadjusted increase in the year-earlier
second quarter.
   The difference in the latest net-hiring figures, depending
on whether the statistics were adjusted for seasonal factors,
suggests that "there will be more job opportunities in the
upcoming quarter, but they will be largely in highly seasonal
industries," concludes Manpower.
   "We're seeing much better hiring projections than those of
the same time last year, or those of the last quarter, but
the progress out of the recession is still slow and
stubborn," adds Mitchell S. Fromstein, Manpower's chief
executive officer.
   Mr. Fromstein believes that corporate restructurings at
many companies are contributing to the sluggishness of the
business rebound. But, after analyzing the latest survey
results, he says, "The stalling {in the economy} is about to
break out into the upside."
   Geographically, the most significant hiring strength in
the second quarter will occur in the Midwest and South, with
the Northeast and Western areas continuing to lag behind the
rest of the country.
   On a seasonally adjusted basis, the services and
nondurable-goods manufacturing sectors project double-digit
net-hiring activity for the second quarter. However, mining
concerns foresee a net-hiring decline of 3%, and the
education sector expects only a 2% net-hiring increase. The
services category expects the brightest prospects for hiring
since 1990.