Technology:
   EMC Says Profit,
   Sales Rose Sharply
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By John R. Wilke
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The results continue a convincing turnaround for EMC,
which grew rapidly since its founding in 1979 then stumbled
badly in 1988 over quality problems in a disk drive line and
sharply higher prices for memory chips, the raw material for
its mainframe memory products.
   Almost half of EMC's revenue now comes from the new disk
drive technology known in the industry as RAID, for redundant
arrays of inexpensive disks. The new product line chains
together with special controllers and software, dozens of
small, high-capacity, fixed-disk drives similar to those used
in personal computers.
   Mr. Ruettgers says EMC's drives are priced roughly
comparable to International Business Machines Corp. drives,
but offer significant reliability, speed and size advantages
over IBM's traditional design. He says a typical EMC RAID
configuration, storing 24 gigabytes of data, or 24 billion
characters of text, costs $400,000.
   EMC has a wide market lead in RAID technology, but it is
about to get some heavy competition. Storage Technology
Corp., the disk drive maker, based in Louisville, Colo., will
announce its entry into the market shortly.
   Mr. Ruettgers says he welcomes Storage into the market.
With any new technology it's hard being the pioneer, he says,
"the one with all the arrows in his back." Storage will
legitimize the new technology and cause the market to grow
greatly, he says.
   EMC has also designed a RAID line for Unisys Corp.
mainframes, which got a big boost Tuesday when Unisys said it
would buy $44 million of the drives to sell to its own
customers through 1994.
   For 1991, EMC expects to report per-share earnings of
about 51 cents on revenue of $232 million, Mr. Ruettgers
says. Net in 1990 was $8.86 million, or 36 cents a share, on
revenue of $171 million.