Lukens Posts Loss
   Of $8.5 Million
   For Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Clare Ansberry
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Lukens said it will continue to have strike-related costs
in the first quarter but expects to be profitable. In the
1991 first quarter, Lukens earned $8.8 million, or $1 a
share. However, the company said the general 1992 outlook for
its large Steel Group operation is positive, because of
historically low inventory levels at steel service centers,
which represent about onethird of the company's market.
Lukens also believes a recent six-year reauthorization of the
highway bill will boost spending for heavy capital equipment
and construction.
   Lukens said its Steel Group sustained an operating loss of
$8.6 million in the fourth quarter of 1991, compared with
operating earnings of $14.6 million in 1990. The company
noted that as a result of the strike at its Coatesville
plant, which began Oct. 1 and ended Jan. 13, production
levels were low and the company had to ship additional,
lower-value product mix from another rolling mill. Lukens
also incurred about $6 million in strike-related costs,
involving extensive training and security.
   Steel Group sales fell 24% to $85.8 million from $112.7
million in 1990, reflecting the recession and strike-related
loss of orders. Lukens said orders began to improve at the
end of the quarter, and the group's backlog at year-end 1991
was $76.6 million, compared with $106.8 million at the end of
1990.
   For the year, the steelmaker's earnings plunged 48% to $23
million, or $2.52 a share, from $44.2 million, or $5.07 a
share, in 1990. Sales fell 8% to $628.8 million from $683.6
million.
   Lukens stock was quoted at $46 a share, down 75 cents, in
late New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday. The company
specializes in steel-plate manufacturing, and has
subsidiaries in corrosion-protection, safety-products and
materials-handling equipment businesses.