Business Brief:
   Hilton Hotels Posts
   Profit Increase of 8%
   For the Fourth Quarter
The quarterly comparisons benefitted from a lower
effective tax rate of 26%, compared with 34.2% a year
earlier, after resolution of a local tax issue. The results
also include a 74% decline in corporate expenses to $1.8
million. Total operating income fell 18% to $56.3 million
from $68.7 million in the fourth quarter of 1990.
   The plunge in casino profit reflected poor results at the
Las Vegas Hilton, which suffered lower table-game play as
well as lower win percentages -- meaning that players got
lucky at Hilton's expense. Bad-debt reserves also climbed for
the quarter and year, including more than $5 million owed by
a Japanese high roller who was found dead at his home this
month. Business at the Flamingo Hilton improved slightly,
despite tough competition that kept room rates low.
   For the year, Hilton reported net of $84.3 million, or
$1.76 a share, down 25% from $112.5 million, or $2.34 a
share, for 1990. Revenue was essentially flat at $1.11
billion.
   Hilton executives blamed the decline on the Persian Gulf
War, the recession and overbuilding in the hotel industry.
Hotel occupancy slipped to 64% from 68% while room rates
stayed flat, in part because of weak business in Chicago, New
York and Hawaii.
   While the results were only slightly lower than Wall
Street expected, some analysts said the fall-off in casino
business took them by surprise. Joseph Doyle of Smith Barney,
Harris Upham  Co. said earnings comparisons should show
improvement in the next few quarters, largely because of soft
results in the first few quarters of 1991. Maurice Scanlon,
Hilton's senior vice president-finance, said the company is
still comfortable with analysts' earnings estimates of $2.25
a share for 1992.
   In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday,
Hilton shares were quoted at $41.75, up 25 cents.