Business Brief:
   Dow Chemical Sets
   4th-Period Charge
   Totaling $370 Million
The charge reflects the latest of several write-offs and
restructurings of inefficient operations by chemical
companies as they scrape along the bottom of a multiyear
earnings cycle.
   "This is not a general restructuring, Dow is taking a more
piecemeal approach to weeding out underperforming assets,"
said William Young, an analyst with Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette Securities Corp.
   Among the major steps Dow plans to take in Canada, the
company said it will close its Sarnia, Ont., chlorine-alkali
and derivative products facilities. Demand for such products
has fallen off as many industries phase out their use of
chlorine-based products, particularly in solvents,
refrigerants and paper making, due to environmental concerns.
A date for the shutdown hasn't been set, the company said. In
addition to the actions planned in Canada, the charge covers
the cost of planned shutdowns of certain plants in the U.S.,
Brazil and Germany, and the write-down of oil assets in
Europe, a Dow spokesman said.
   Enrique C. Falla, Dow's chief financial officer, said
that, excluding the charge, the company performed in line
with company and Wall Street expectations during the quarter.
"We anticipate that earnings from continuing operations will
exceed 35 cents per share" for last quarter, he said. In
1990's fourth quarter, Dow reported net income of $1.01 a
share.
   For the first nine months of 1991, Dow reported net income
of $1.03 billion, or $3.81 a share. Dow is expected to report
its final fourth-quarter results on Jan. 30.