Money-Fund Assets
   Climb to Record
   Despite Yield Drop
   ----
   By Ellen E. Schultz
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The inflow came largely from individual investors, who
poured $4.6 billion into money funds, "probably to avoid the
turbulent stock and bond markets," said Martha Wittbrodt,
editor of Donoghue's Money Fund Report. The rest came from
institutional investors seeking the slight yield advantage
that money-market funds offer over open-market rates, she
added.
   The average seven-day compound taxable yield dropped to
4.14% from 4.28%, in the week ended Tuesday, the Ashland,
Mass., newsletter said. The average 30-day compound yield
eased to 4.39% from 4.51%. Compound yields assume
reinvestment of dividends.
   The average seven-day simple yield dove to 4.05% from
4.19%, and the average 30-day simple yield eased to 4.30%
from 4.41%.
   The average maturity of the funds' investments remained at
57 days. Taxable money funds invest in commercial paper
(short-term corporate IOUs), short-term bank certificates of
deposit and Treasury bills.
   Meanwhile, assets of 292 tax-free funds increased by
$662.5 million, to $98.1 billion.
   The average seven-day compound yield of tax-free funds
fell to 2.76% from 3.04%. The latest yield is equivalent to
3.83% on a taxable investment for someone in the 28% tax
bracket and to 4.12% for those paying 31% in taxes.
   "We think these yields are near bottom right now," said
Ms. Wittbrodt.
   The average maturity of the investments in the tax-exempt
funds increased by one day, to 52 days.