Credit Ratings
TIDEWATER Inc. (New Orleans) -- This owner and operator of
vessels serving the offshore energy industry said Moody's
Investors Service Inc. raised the debt ratings of two
subordinated convertible debentures issues. It said Moody's
increased to single-B-1 from single-B-3 its 7% issue due 2010
and its 7 3/4% issue due 2005. The total amount of debt
affected by the ratings change is $50 million, or 51% of the
company's debt outstanding, said a spokeswoman.
   ---
   UPJOHN Co. (Kalamazoo, Mich.) -- Moody's Investors Service
Inc. said it is downgrading the long-term debt ratings of
this pharmaceutical concern and its employee stock ownership
trust to double-A-3 from double-A-2. About $520 million of
debt is affected. The move reflects the approaching
expiration of exclusive patents in the U.S. to market the
tranquilizer Xanax, the sedative Halcion, and the
anti-inflammatory agent Ansaid, Moody's said. When patents
for all three drugs expire next year, Upjohn's profits from
sales of those drugs could come under pressure from generic
competitors, the ratings agency said. Moody's also said that
Halcion sales are falling sharply due to adverse publicity
and government regulatory actions involving the drug. Upjohn
said its doesn't expect Moody's action to have a significant
effect on its earnings or ability to raise capital. The
company also said it is confident in its future earnings
outlook and continued strong cash flow.