Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Are Mixed in Dull Trading
   On Uncertainty Over the Economy
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Volume fell to 160,620,000 shares on the Big Board from
185,040,000 Friday. Both days were relatively light compared
with other sessions so far this year. At the end of February,
average daily Big Board volume for 1991 was 233.17 million
shares.
   Some investors may have been unwilling to take positions
ahead of today's "Super Tuesday" presidential primaries. But
traders suggest that the light volume is also indicative of
investors' ambivalence toward stocks while the economic
recovery remains uncertain.
   Traders said the stock market probably will remain
lackluster until investors see evidence of an economic
turnaround in the form of good corporate earnings.
Firstquarter profit reports won't start pouring forth until
mid-April.
   Giles McNamee, head institutional trader at First Albany,
said investors are waiting for economically sensitive
companies to report healthy earnings. "Investors are
apprehensive about earnings," he said. "They know that if we
don't have positive earnings news this quarter the market can
only go down."
   Other signs of an economic recovery already have made
themselves evident to stock investors. Last week's employment
report, for instance, disclosed that payrolls grew by 164,000
jobs in February. Stock investors' fears that a recovery
would herald a crippling rise in interest rates have also
been mellowed, some traders said, as bond prices rebounded
yesterday.
   But until cyclical earnings are reported, the stock market
will be stuck in a "trading range," predicted Dale Tills,
head of institutional trading for Charles Schwab. Mr. Tills
said investors aren't confident enough in the recovery to
push the industrial average much above 3290, but are bullish
enough to keep it above the "mid-3100s."
   Rather than buy stocks based on a general economic
outlook, investors are likely to trade based on news
affecting particular stocks, he said.
   Such ambivalence was evident in the industrial average
yesterday. J.P. Morgan slipped 5/8 to 57; the banking company
said it incurred losses of about $50 million in
mortgage-backed securities trading during the first two
months of 1992.
   Boeing fell 1 1/4 to 44 7/8, after the Seattle aerospace
concern said it notified 2,438 employees that they may be
laid off in 75 days.
   But such losses were cushioned by gains in both
economy-sensitive cyclical stocks and shares of growth
companies, which are expected to produce consistently
increasing earnings even in a sluggish economy.
   Among growth issues in the industrial average, Coca-Cola
Co. added 1 5/8 to 80 1/8, and Philip Morris gained 1 1/4 to
76. Among economy-sensitive issues, General Motors added 1/2
to 37 1/2 and Goodyear Tire gained 5/8 to 60 3/4.
   American Stores lost 3 1/4 to 32 on heavy volume of
585,300 shares, compared with a daily average of 182,512. The
supermarket and drugstore operator reported earnings of 85
cents a share for its fourth quarter, ended Feb. 1. Six
analysts surveyed by First Call, a unit of Thompson Financial
Networks, had estimated an average of $1.26 a share.
   Advanced Micro Devices added 7/8 to 18. Shearson Lehman
analyst Michael Gumport said the semiconductor company told
him that his earnings estimate of 73 cents a share for the
first quarter "looks conservative," given the company's
strong sales in the quarter.
   KeyCorp dropped 1 5/8 to 44 1/4. The bank, which operates
in eight northeastern and northwestern states, agreed to buy
Puget Sound Bancorp, a bank in Washington state. Under the
agreement, Puget Sound holders will receive 0.88 KeyCorp
common share for each share of Puget Sound common. The
transaction values Puget Sound at $807.2 million, and will
result in the issuance of about 17.6 million shares of
KeyCorp common. On the over-the-counter market, Puget Sound
fell 1/8 to 36 1/8.
   Bandag rose 2 1/4 to 122 1/4. The maker of retread tires
announced what in effect is a 2-for-1 stock split. The
company said it had created a new nonvoting Class A common
stock. Subject to shareholder approval, the company will
declare a dividend of one of the new Class A shares for each
outstanding share of existing common stock and Class B common
stock.
   Rykoff-Sexton lost 1 1/2 to 19. The distributor of food
and equipment to the food industry announced earnings of 13
cents a share for the third quarter, ended Feb. 1, down from
19 cents a share a year earlier. The company said that
sluggish economic conditions and dropping prices on its own
products hurt its profit margins.
   IGI Inc. lost 4 1/4 to 14 3/8. This week's edition of
Barron's labeled as "premature" the veterinary drug company's
claims that its new liposomal antacid product will be on
pharmacy shelves next year.
   BET Holdings regained 1 3/4 to 14 1/2 after losing 4 on
Friday. The holding company for Black Entertainment
Television reported quarterly profit of 14 cents a share
Friday, flat with a year earlier.