New Securities Issues
Deprenyl USA Inc. -- Initial public offering of 1,250,000
units was priced at $12 each; 712,500 of the units will be
offered initially in the U.S. and 537,500 units will be
offered initially in Canada. Each unit consists of two common
shares and one warrant to purchase one common share. The
offering is underwritten by M.H. Meyerson and Co. in the U.S.
and by Deacon Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd. and Merit
Investment Corp. in Canada, on a firm commitment basis. The
offerings are expected to close by Jan. 29. Deprenyl USA is a
unit of Deprenyl Research Ltd., Toronto.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Republic of South Africa (Sovereign) -- 250 million ECU of
10.375% Eurobonds due Feb. 10, 1997, at issue and initial
fixed offer price of par via Paribas Capital Markets Ltd. and
Swiss Bank Corp. Fees 1.875.
   The European Community (Supranational) -- 190 million ECU
of 8.375% Eurobonds due Feb. 1, 1999, at issue price 101.5
via S.G. Warburg Securities and Swiss Bank Corp. Offered to
investors intially at a fixed price of 99.925 to yield 8.39%.
Fees 1.875.
   Jujo Paper Co. Ltd. (Japan) -- 20 billion yen of 6.3%
Eurobonds due May 8, 1997, at issue price par via Nikko
Europe Ltd. Short first coupon period runs from Jan. 30,
1992, to May 8, 1992. Offered to investors initially at a
fixed price of par to yield 6.3%. Fees 0.30.
   Marudai Food Co. Ltd. (Japan) -- 150 million marks of
bonds with equity-purchase warrants, a 4.75% coupon due Feb.
14, 1996, at par via Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 2.25.
   Peugeot Finance International N.V. (France) -- 500 million
francs of zero coupon Eurobonds due April 12, 1996, at issue
price par via Banque Nationale de Paris and Bankers Trust
International. On April 12, 1994, Peugeot can either call the
bonds for early redemption at 144% of par for a yield of
18.3% or give bondholders one warrant for each 10,000 franc
bond. Each warrant will pay on redemption par plus 115% of
the difference between Peugeot's average share price on March
21, 22 and 23, 1992, and the average share price on the same
three dates in 1996. There is no cap on the gains. Guarantor
Peugeot S.A. Fees 1.50.
   The Inter-American Development Bank (agency) -- 150
million Swiss francs of 7% privately placed notes due Feb.
18, 2000, priced at 102.375 via Swiss Volkbank. Fees 1.875.
   Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. (Brazil) -- increased its 10%
Eurobonds due 29 Jan. 1993 to $300 million, lead underwriter
Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. said. The issue was
originally for $175 million and was increased to $250
million. The latest increase will be the last, CSFB say.