International:
   Philips Reports
   Strong '91 Results
   But Omits Payout
   ----
   By Laurence Hooper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Philips said it expects "only a limited increase" in sales
and profit in 1992, as economies continue to lag. The
omission of the annual dividend, which usually amounts to two
guilders a share, will add about 600 million guilders ($324
million) to retained earnings.
   Securities analysts had expected the 1991 dividend to be
trimmed sharply to conserve cash. But the complete dividend
omission coupled with healthy developments in several
divisions, heartened even some of the company's skeptics.
   "They show signs of moving in the right direction," said
Peter Knox of UBS Phillips  Drew in London.
   In trading on the Amsterdam Stock exchange, Philips shares
rose 3.2 guilders, or 9.8%, to 35.60 guilders. On the New
York Stock Exchange, Philips shares gained $2.875 to $20.375.
   Mr. Timmer also said Philips is on the verge of
restructuring its relationship with Super Club Holding 
Finance S.A., the money-losing Belgian video operator it was
forced to bail out in 1991. He declined to give details,
except to say that the new structure wouldn't happen "without
pain." Philips is Super Club's majority shareholder.
   For the fourth quarter, Philips reported net income of 327
million guilders, or 1.08 guilders a share, compared with a
loss of 2.45 billion guilders in the year-earlier period. The
year-earlier loss included a restructuring charge of 2.4
billion guilders; the 1991 figure included further
restructuring charges totaling 73 million guilders.
   In addition, the latest period included extraordinary
items that removed 144 million guilders from the bottom line,
whereas such items detracted only 58 million guilders in the
1990 fourth quarter.
   Sales advanced a respectable 5% during the fourth quarter
to 17.1 billion guilders from 16.29 billion guilders.
   The company's work force decreased by 32,800 employees
from the end of 1990.
   Mr. Timmer said the company would continue divesting
unprofitable or unstrategic businesses, but he re-emphasized
that Philips's 80% holding in music company PolyGram N.V.
shouldn't be sold.
   For the entire year, Philips reported net of 1.2 billion
guilders, or 4.01 guilders a share, compared with a loss of
4.24 billion guilders, or 14.88 guilders a share, in 1990.
The 1990 loss reflected a total of 4.65 billion guilders in
restructuring charges. Sales advanced 2% to 56.99 billion
guilders from 55.76 billion guilders, but the company said
the increase was almost entirely because of currency
fluctuations and the net effect of its acquisitions and
divestments.
   Most affected by the poor economic climate was Philips's
big consumer-products business, which suffered a 2% decline
in sales and a 33% drop in operating profit, to 1.01 billion
guilders.