Smith Barney Unit
   Of Primerica Posts
   Big Jump in Profit
   ----
   By Michael Siconolfi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Fueled by strong stock and bond underwriting, and
small-investor activity, Smith Barney's results were
instrumental in Primerica's 34% jump in fourth-quarter net
income, to a record $132.1 million, or $1.18 a share, from
$98.8 million, or 89 cents a share, in the year-earlier
period. Revenue increased 9.4% to $1.85 billion from $1.69
billion.
   After the announcement yesterday, Primerica's shares
jumped $2.125 to $40.75 in late New York Stock Exchange
trading.
   The earnings at Smith Barney, the nation's seventh-largest
securities firm with about 2,400 brokers, are a preview of
the profit picture emerging at many Wall Street firms,
especially those that cater to individual investors. "You're
going to see very strong reports from the brokerage firms --
particularly the retail-oriented firms," said Guy Moszkowski,
an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein  Co. "There will be a lot
of record earnings."
   The sizzling fourth-quarter profits on Wall Street could
vault the brokerage business to pretax earnings of about
$5.53 billion in 1991, some analysts say, which would break
the previous annual record of $5.51 billion set in 1986.
   Analysts expect weaker results in 1992. Mr. Moszkowski,
for instance, predicts that Smith Barney will earn about $100
million this year, a 28% drop from 1991 results. Even top
Smith Barney executives say they're not planning for a repeat
profit performance.
   "We can't anticipate the strength in the markets we had in
'91," said Frank G. Zarb, Smith Barney's chairman, in an
interview. "But a bad year is not a good excuse" for poor
results, he said, adding, that "a real strong institution is
organized so it can be profitable in an up year or a down
year-and we've kept our fixed costs pretty tight."
   For the fourth quarter, Smith Barney's investment-banking
revenue soared 119%; net interest income increased 61%;
revenue from principal trading was up 29%; commissions rose
38%; and asset management fees were up 26%.
   Meantime, Smith Barney's brokers generated a 44% jump in
fourth-quarter commissions from a year earlier, as many small
investors shifted out of certificates of deposit and money
market funds into stocks and bonds to bolster returns. Smith
Barney's brokers now average $270,000 in annual commissions,
people close to the firm said; overall, brokers averaged
about $246,000 in commissions for 1991, the Securities
Industry Association said.
   For the year, Primerica had record net of $478.8 million,
or $4.27 a share, up 28% from the $372.9 million, or $3.27 a
share, in 1990. Revenue rose 6.7% to $6.61 billion from $6.19
billion.
   Primerica's results were "particularly gratifying in light
of the continued sluggishness of the economy," said Sanford
I. Weill, Primerica's chairman and chief executive officer.