Technology:
   Olivetti Rolls Out
   Laptops, Copiers,
   Other New Products
Olivetti's new laptop personal computer is its first to
use an "active-matrix" liquid crystal screen, which displays
vibrant color images. The machine also includes a "mouse pad"
that allows users to employ a pen or finger to control
computer functions, rather than a more traditional "mouse"
pointing device.
   The five-kilogram laptop is bigger and heavier than some
active-matrix models being shown by competitors here.
Olivetti is also demonstrating a smaller, yet-to-be-released
color machine, but it uses a different screen technology that
produces duller colors.
   Olivetti also showed a new notebook-sized PC with a
monochrome screen, based on the speediest version of Intel
Corp.'s popular 386SX microprocessor "brain."
   Olivetti's new color copier/printer/ scanner, which
strengthens an industry trend toward multipurpose office
machines, is one of four copiers unveiled by the Italian
company here. It cooperates with Canon Inc. on copier
technology.
   Also as expected, Olivetti is demonstrating a new
workstation computer, to be released later this year, that
uses a much-awaited microchip designed by MIPS Computer
Systems Inc. The workstation will be Olivetti's first major
offering as part of the Advanced Computing Environment, or
ACE, industry group.