CBS Posts Profit
   Of $9.4 Million
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Kevin Goldman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The year-earlier quarterly losses at CBS were due to huge
pretax charges on its baseball and football contracts. And
the CBS Television Network, buffeted by a continued
advertising slump, remained unprofitable for the fourth
quarter of 1991. The network had an estimated pretax loss of
$50 million in the 1991 quarter compared with a pretax loss
of $68 million a year earlier, according to Jessica Reif, an
analyst with Oppenheimer  Co.
   Sales for the fourth quarter rose 2% to $937.4 million
from $919.7 million.
   CBS said that no further write-offs are expected from its
four-year contracts with Major League Baseball and the
National Football League, for which CBS paid $1.06 billion
apiece.
   Ms. Reif said the "worst is over for CBS," noting the
network has leaped to No. 1 in the current prime time season
after being stuck in third place since the mid-1980s. Also,
CBS, which paid $243 million to broadcast the Winter
Olympics, is far exceeding the guarantee it gave advertisers.
Its four-night average for the Olympics is 19.7% of U.S.
homes with television sets and it guaranteed sponsors an
average of 17%.
   "This is key since it'll help CBS sell the 1994 Winter
Olympics," says Ms. Reif.
   Ms. Reif estimated that the five CBS-owned television
stations earned $45 million in the quarter compared with $50
million a year earlier. Profits at the radio stations and
network division slipped to $12 million from $15 million a
year earlier, she said. CBS didn't break out the operating
results.
   CBS's full-year results included a previously reported
third-quarter charge of $322 million on its football and
baseball contracts. That charge amounted to a $195.5 million
loss after taxes for the full year, or $12.06 per share.
   In New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, CBS shares
closed at $144.875, up $1.25.