Business Brief:
   Barry's Jewelers Files
   Restructuring Plan
   In Bankruptcy Court
Barry's blamed the latest loss on the length and severity
of the recession, costs related to its financial
restructuring and its heavy debt. The bankruptcy petition was
filed to facilitate completion of an agreement with lenders,
Barry's said.
   According to the petition filed in bankruptcy court in Los
Angeles, Barry's Jewelers has assets of $144 million and
liabilities of $168 million. Barry's owes a total of $103
million to Wells Fargo Bank and Bank of California, and $46.5
million to noteholders. Trade debt stands at $3.5 million,
according to the filing.
   Under the restructuring plan, all currently outstanding
shares of Barry's common will be canceled. Bondholders will
receive $3,750,000 -- all in cash or a combination of cash
and notes -- and 90% of new shares to be issued.
   Existing shareholders would receive 7% of the new shares.
The remaining 3% would be issued to certain officers. The
banks agreed to accept stock warrants and to convert
obligations to a new term loan and a two-year revolving
credit line.
   Despite the bankruptcy-law petition, business will
continue as usual, Barry's said. No additional store closings
or dismissals are expected. Barry's now operates 147 retail
jewelry stores in 13 states after closing 68 stores in recent
months.