Dallas Insurer
   Says It Will Stop
   Writing Policies
   ----
   By Kevin Helliker
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In an effort to survive, the Dallas company said it is
accelerating cost-cutting measures as well as seeking to
secure outside capital. However, it said, "no assurance can
be given that these steps will be successful in preserving
the company."
   Employers Casualty stock plummeted in national
over-the-counter trading, closing at 94 cents, down $1.81 a
share.
   The announcement accompanied the report of a
fourth-quarter loss of $35.4 million, or $3.52 a share, in
contrast to a year-earlier profit of $8.9 million, or 88
cents a share. The loss was entirely attributable to a $57.2
million charge taken to bolster the company's reserve for
future losses.
   The Employers Casualty official said the company had
underestimated the extent of its losses, and that the
increase in reserves came at the recommendation of an
independent actuarial consultant. He said workers
compensation policies accounted for about $20 million of the
$57.2 million charge, and that various other commercial lines
accounted for the rest. He said the company's financial
problems were traceable entirely to losses, rather than
investments.
   The company said it might take an $85 million charge in
the current quarter, depending on the outcome of an
accounting dispute with the state insurance department.
Employers Casualty said the dispute involves three items: the
handling of national workers' compensation pool liability for
future assessments, the handling of unsecured retrospective
rating plan recoverables, and the valuation of the company's
home office building. The $85 million charge, if mandated,
will produce negative stockholders' equity, Employers
Casualty said.
   For the full year, Employers Casualty reported a loss of
$39.2 million, or $3.91 a share, compared with a year-earlier
loss of about $90 million, or $8.88 a share.