Year-End Review of Stock Markets:
   Stock Mutual Funds Post Welcome Rebound
   ---
   Gains Outpace S&P 500 for the First Time
   Since 1982 as Investors' Interest Hits Records
   ----
   By Jonathan Clements
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
For mutual fund investors, last year was a welcome
turnaround after 1990's drubbing, when stock funds had their
worst performance since 1974 and taxable bond funds posted an
average gain of just 4.3%.
   With the turnaround in fund performance came a flood of
money from investors. "Despite the general economic
environment, and the virtual collapse of consumer confidence
in the last few months, interest in mutual funds" is at
record levels, notes Avi Nachmany, an analyst with Strategic
Insight, a New York mutual fund consulting firm.
   The big money went to bond mutual funds. According to the
Investment Company Institute, $63.4 billion flooded into bond
funds during the first 11 months of 1991, the best showing
for bond fund sales since 1986.
   Bond funds gained assets as yield-hungry investors shifted
cash out of money market funds and certificates of deposit,
which now yield less than 5%, and into bond funds, many of
which are still paying 7% and above.
   The big beneficiaries were what Mr. Nachmany calls "low
volatility funds," such as short-term bond funds, adjustable
rate mortgage funds and short-term global bond funds. These
funds offer higher yields than money market funds, but
shareholders also have to put up with modest share price
fluctuations. In 1991, "we estimate that those funds
accounted for almost half of the money coming into bond
funds," says Mr. Nachmany.
   Stock funds, meanwhile, pulled in a record $31 billion in
the first 11 months of 1991. That amount is safely ahead of
the previous record year, 1986, when stock funds attracted
$21.9 billion.
   Though stock funds on average performed well, the gains
weren't even. Funds specializing in smaller stocks, those
with stock market values of $1 billion and below, outpaced
competitors that stuck with larger-company stocks.
Small-company stock funds returned 43.9%, compared with 31.2%
for the average stock fund tracked by Lipper Analytical
Services, a Summit, N.J., fund research firm.
   But even among small-stock funds, there were sharp
differences in performance. Funds that buy growth stocks,
such as Montgomery Small Cap Fund and Oberweis Emerging
Growth Fund, posted gains of as much as 70% and above.
   It was a less glorious year for small-company value funds,
such as Pennsylvania Mutual Fund and Southeastern Asset
Management Small-Cap Fund, both of which look for stocks that
are cheap relative to assets, cash flow or current earnings.
Some of these funds posted gains of less than 30%.
   Value funds that buy large and medium-sized company stocks
also did poorly in 1991. After rallying in late 1990 and
early 1991, value funds stalled, and many funds finished the
year with disappointing results. Well-regarded value funds
such as Gabelli Asset Fund, Mutual Shares Fund and Windsor
Fund all lagged behind the average stock fund tracked by
Lipper Analytical.
   Funds that buy large-company growth stocks, which have
been on a tear since 1989, had another strong year in 1991.
Buoyed by its hefty holdings of growth stocks, Fidelity's
Magellan Fund, the country's largest mutual fund with $19
billion in assets, soared 36.4% during 1991.
   "My feeling is that things that worked well {in 1991} will
continue to work well over the next year," says Kenneth
Gregory, editor of L/G No-Load Fund Analyst, a San Francisco
newsletter. "I think small will do better than big, and
growth will do better than value."
   Among funds that specialize in the stocks of a single
industry sector, the big winners in 1991 were health and
biotechnology sector funds, up 66%. Funds specializing in
financial services stocks also did well, gaining 55.4%.
   High-yielding junk-bond funds, which got pummelled in 1989
and 1990, were the top-performing category of bond fund last
year, with a gain of 35.1% in the first 11 months of 1991.
But investors remained leery of junk funds. During the first
11 months of 1991, investors put a paltry $2.1 billion into
these funds, just 3% of all money going into bond mutual
funds.
   Among publicly traded funds, last year's hottest sellers
were municipal-bond funds. According to Lipper Analytical, 37
publicly traded funds were launched in the first 11 months of
1991, raising $8.3 billion. Thirty of those funds were
municipal-bond funds, together pulling in $6.7 billion.
   ---
                    How Different Types
                   Of Mutual Funds Fared
                                                                                                       

                                    % CHANGE     % CHANGE
                                 12/31/90 TO     12/31/89
                                    12/26/91     12/31/90
                                                                                                       

   Health/biotech.                   +66.4%        +19.35%
   Financial services                +55.41        -14.88
   Small co. growth                  +43.85        - 9.89
   Science/technology                +39.64        - 3.13
   Cap. appreciation                 +34.58        - 8.02
   Growth                            +31.77        - 5.48
   Real estate                       +27.45        -16.91
   Convertible securities            +27.27        - 7.59
   Growth & income                   +25.28        - 4.48
   Equity income                     +23.63        - 6.29
   Balanced                          +23.35        - 0.21
   Flexible portfolio                +21.11        - 0.92
   Utility                           +19.93        - 1.46
   Option income                     +19.04        - 3.21
   Fixed income                      +17.18        + 4.26
   Global                            +16.12        -10.52
   Global flex. portfolio            +13.40        - 3.74
   Pacific Region                    +10.89        -18.89
   World income                      +10.05        +14.25
   International                     + 9.76        -11.95
   Environmental                     + 4.34        - 9.28
   European region                   + 4.17        - 4.39
   Natural resources                 + 0.97        - 7.90
   Gold                              - 8.16        -22.07
                                                                                                       

   AVERAGE GENERAL                   +31.20%       - 6.27%
   EQUITY FUND
                                                                                                       

   Source: Lipper Analytical Services
                                                                                                       

                     1991 Mutual Fund
                    Winners and Losers
                                                                                                       

   Data are through Dec. 26, 1991
                                                                                                       

                                              % CHANGE
                                                                                                       

   Ten Best Performers
                                                                                                       

   Oppenheimer Global Bio-Tech                +107.21%
   CGM Capital Development                    + 94.50
   American Heritage Fund                     + 88.89
   Montgomery Small Cap.                      + 88.10
   Fidelity Select-Biotechnology              + 88.86

   Berger One Hundred                         + 81.13
   United New Concepts                        + 79.61
   Oberweis Emerging Growth                   + 77.29
   MFS Lifetime Emerging Growth               + 76.43
                                                                                                       

   Ten Worst Performers
                                                                                                       

   Strategic Gold/Minerals                    - 28.57%
   Fidelity Select-Energy Service             - 25.53
   Rushmore Precious Metals Index             - 24.97
   Strategic Investments                      - 20.58
   MetLife-State Street  Global Energy        - 19.49
   Benham Gold Equities Index                 - 17.75
   SunAmerica Precious Metals                 - 15.50
   Strategic Silver                           - 15.46
   United Services Gold Shares                - 14.75
   Shearson Precious Metals                   - 14.05
                                                                                                       

   Source: Lipper Analytical Services