Teledyne's Earnings
   Rose to $28.1 Million
   In Fourth Quarter
Despite the healthier earnings, sales for the quarter
dropped 7% to $818.2 million from $880.4 million a year ago.
A spokesman said the decline was largely due to the recession
and cuts in defense spending.
   In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange,
Teledyne stock rose $4.50 a share to $24.50. The company
spokesman attributed the rise to the earnings, adding "they
are better than a majority of analysts had expected."
   Teledyne in the third quarter approved a restructuring
plan involving the possible sale, closure or transfer of
certain operations that would allow it to focus on the
company's technology-based businesses. Teledyne said that
sales of operations that Teledyne plans to sell or close were
$514.8 million for the year, of which $368 million came from
its industrial segment.
   For the year, the company reported a net loss of $25.4
million, or 46 cents a share. Income from continuing
operations was $69.2 million, or $1.25 a share. The year
included a charge for restructuring costs of $68.9 million
and a provision of $55 million for losses on federal
fixed-price contracts. The year-earlier period included a
gain from income of the company's discontinued insurance
operations of $25.6 million and a provision for losses on
fixed-price contracts of $90 million, resulting in net income
of $94.8 million, or $1.71 a share. Sales for the year were
$3.21 billion, down 7% from $3.45 billion.