OTC Focus:
   Outcome of Kendall Square's Offering
   May Affect Many Computer Firms' Plans
   ----
   By Anne Newman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
No doubt about it, Kendall Square looks alluring. The
Waltham, Mass., company will be the first to go public among
makers of massively parallel supercomputers, which use
multiple processors to vastly increase computing power and
speed. The IPO comes just as the federal government has
pledged to step up its support of high-performance computers,
used in projects ranging from secret defense work to
sophisticated Wall Street analyses. The company's founder,
chairman and chief executive officer, Henry Burkhardt III, is
a computer industry legend. A college dropout, he was a
founder of Data General Corp. and Encore Computer Corp.
   But Kendall Square is still very young. It reminds some
people of a biotechnology company, with little proof yet to
back up its promising story. The company has spent $56.9
million on research and development since its 1986 founding
and just sold its first supercomputer in September, reaping
revenue of $903,688 for 1991. Losses for the year were $22.5
million, 69% wider than a loss of $13.3 million in 1990.
   The company has since shipped three more supercomputers,
the largest of which lists for $2.2 million, but only two
have been accepted -- and Kendall can recognize revenue for a
shipment only after it's accepted. The company's machines
will cost from $500,000 to $30 million, but its biggest and
most impressive -- a $30 million system -- won't even be
formally introduced until later this year. Kendall, which is
entering a highly competitive field, isn't expected to report
profits anytime soon.
   Yet Kendall Square hopes to sell three million shares to
the public at $9 to $11 apiece. With 10 million shares
outstanding after the offering, the company could be valued
at more than $100 million.
   That may be a rich price for investors with fresh memories
of December's 47% crash in shares of rival Cray Computer
Corp. Cray's stock plunged to 5 3/4 from 10 7/8 after
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory canceled a contract
for one of its $30 million supercomputer systems. It closed
Friday at 6.
   Unlike original investors in many startup companies,
however, Kendall Square's existing stockholders aren't
bailing out; they will still have a big stake in the company.
Among the insiders, who paid an average $9.49 a share for
their stock, William I. Koch, an oil and real estate
investor, will own 40.5% of Kendall Square, down from 57.8%.
Mr. Burkhardt will own 3.7%, down from 5.3%. All directors
and officers will own 45.9% after the offering, down from
65.1%.
   The reception for Kendall Square is likely to be a
bellwether for other technology companies hoping to go public
in this year's hot IPO market. (Lead underwriter Kidder
Peabody  Co. hasn't said yet when it expects to begin the
IPO, filed in late February.)
   This year, Mr. Shaffer expects more than 60 technology
companies to raise about $1 billion through IPOs, the best
year since 1983, when 119 computer companies raised more than
$3 billion. Although more speculative offerings are surfacing
lately, he says, "We've got a long way to go before it gets
as crazy as 1983."
   Large investors say they're tiptoeing carefully through
the deluge of filing documents. "If I get a prospectus and
there are no revenues, I just throw it in the corner," says
Chip Morris, manager of the T. Rowe Price Science 
Technology Fund. He says he hasn't yet scrutinized the
prospects for Kendall so he can't comment on it.
   ---
   Friday Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   Over-the-counter stocks fell for the fourth consecutive
session as investors remained jittery about corporate
profits.
   The Nasdaq Composite Index slumped 6.02, to 615.95, a
0.97% loss. Declining Nasdaq issues overwhelmed advancers,
1,298 to 897, but 80 stocks reached new highs and 30 fell to
new lows. Total OTC volume eased to 193.1 million shares from
221.9 million Thursday. For the week, the Nasdaq Index
dropped 2.8%, compared with a 1.4% decline in the Dow Jones
Industrial Average.
   Immune Response dropped 1 3/4 to 26 3/4. The company said
clinical trials of its AIDS vaccine have been delayed because
of product-liability concerns. It didn't say how long it will
postpone the study, under which 10 to 15 people, uninfected
with acquired immune deficiency syndrome, will receive the
vaccine.
   Boatmen's Bancshares lost 1 3/4 to 42 3/4, while Sunwest
Financial Services slid 2 1/4 to 30 1/4. Boatmen's agreed to
acquire Sunwest through a stock swap valued at about $377
million. Each Sunwest share is to be exchanged for 0.7722
Boatmen's share.