Law:
   Texas High Court
   Strikes Down Law
   On School Funding
   ----
   By Karen Blumenthal
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Texas Attorney General Dan Morales said in an interview
that he expects that portion of the ruling to be challenged,
perhaps in federal court. But he said he was pleased that the
court "took the pains to ensure that there would be no
disruption of the current school year."
   The deadline for paying school property taxes for the
current school year is today.
   About 50 school districts had challenged the law, which
was adopted last summer under a court-imposed deadline to
come up with a more equitable funding plan. Under the plan,
the state created countywide education districts that would
pool property taxes and divide them among the county's richer
and poorer school districts. The state law set the range for
property tax rates and outlined how the revenue should be
divided up among districts.
   However, the court said, because the state mandated the
tax and determined its rate and uses, the tax effectively was
a state property tax, forbidden under the Texas constitution.
To adopt such a tax would require voters to amend the
constitution, the court said in a ruling supported by seven
members. Two justices dissented. The ruling marks the third
time since 1989 that the state Supreme Court has rejected a
school finance plan.
   The ruling may renew some cries for instituting a state
income tax to fund education, among other state needs.
Legislators rejected a statewide income tax in adopting the
most recent plan.
   That issue probably won't be addressed, however, until the
legislature reconvenes for its next regular session next
January. In a statement, Gov. Ann Richards said she is
grateful for the additional time "because we have a number of
options that must be examined."