Judge Clears Filing
   Of Competing Plans
   For Gypsum Revamp
Under the creditors' plan, turnaround specialist Victor
Palmieri would succeed Peter C. Browning as chairman of the
National Gypsum board.
   The creditors say they have won agreement on their plan by
trade creditors, the holders of $1.1 billion face amount of
bonds and a committee representing potential claimants in
asbestos-exposure suits against National Gypsum.
   Under the plan, $332.2 million in new notes and debentures
would be issued for the company's senior subordinated notes
and for trade claims of more than $15,000. Holders of the
company's subordinated debentures and subordinated discount
debentures would receive all of the company's common stock.
Asbestos claimants would accept a settlement under
undisclosed terms. The group said it plans to file an outline
of its plan next week.
   The company said its plan, filed yesterday, proposes
splitting National Gypsum in two pieces to isolate its
asbestos claims. It said the new National Gypsum, including
the gypsum wallboard business and related assets, would issue
$100 million in new debt, about $216 million in convertible
preferred stock and common stock and warrants to the
company's unsecured creditors. Other terms were not
immediately available.