What's News --
   Business and Finance
Bond prices sank as the strong retail sales report
worsened fears about inflation. The price of the benchmark
30-year Treasury bond fell more than 7/8 point, pushing its
yield above 8%. The stock market, meanwhile, moved little and
the dollar posted gains.
   ---
   The Senate rejected by a narrow margin a bid to kill a
middle-class tax cut proposed by Democratic leaders. The
legislators, meanwhile, again redefined who would get the
credit.
   ---
   Silicon Graphics agreed to acquire microchip maker Mips
Computer for $334 million in stock. Shares of Silicon
Graphics, a workstation maker, plunged $4.75 to $21.875 on
the news. Mips shares jumped $2.50 to $13.50.
   ---
   Chrysler's board scheduled a special meeting for this
weekend to discuss who will succeed Iacocca as chairman.
Meanwhile, Robert Eaton, head of GM's European operations,
acknowledged he has talked to Iacocca about moving to
Chrysler, presumably as his eventual successor.
   ---
   Pfizer was asked by the FDA to warn patients that a type
of Pfizer heart valve faces a much higher risk of fracture
than previously thought. The risk is high enough for some
patients to consider surgery to replace implanted valves, the
agency said.
   ---
   Black  Decker intends to sell about $420 million in new
stock and sell its information systems and services unit in a
separate offering that could raise an additional $360
million. The power tool and appliance maker will use the
money to reduce debt.
   ---
   The FCC voted 4-0 to increase the number of radio stations
that one person or company can own in an effort to bolster
the troubled industry.
   ---
   London stocks tumbled again, for a 3% decline in the two
days since Britain's Conservative government scheduled
elections for April. The Labor Party leads in opinion polls.
   ---
   ABC tightened its advertising restrictions only months
after proposing to relax them. Some advertisers wanted to
keep the curbs, fearing more government regulation instead.
   ---
   Teen-age smokers concentrate their cigarette buying among
the most heavily promoted brands, much more than adult
smokers do, the CDC said.
   ---
   The American Stock Exchange identified the first 21
companies that plan to abandon the over-the-counter stock
market and join the Amex's new market for start-up companies.
   ---
   Revlon is preparing a possible public offering that would
raise as much as $600 million for up to 18% of the cosmetics
and consumer goods concern owned by financier Ronald
Perelman, say people familiar with Revlon.
   ---
   An international trade body is expected to uphold
complaints by Canada that U.S. practices unfairly
discriminate against imported beer.
   ---
   Paramount has discussed acquiring the New York Yankees
baseball team in a deal that could total hundreds of millions
of dollars.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 180,240,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3208.63, unchanged; transportation 1393.12, up 3.17;
utilities 204.43, off 0.13.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4142.16, off 30.70.
   Commodities: Oil $18.83 a barrel, up 33 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.04, off 0.27; spot index 118.19, off 0.06.
   Dollar: 134.20 yen, up 0.80; 1.6695 marks, up 0.0070.