Canada Announces
   Accord With Russia
   On Export of Grain
The agreement provides for delivery to Russia of 25
million metric tons of wheat and other grains over the next
five years. A metric ton of wheat equals 36.74 bushels. Terms
and conditions of individual shipments under the agreement
will be negotiated separately.
   The arrangement was announced by Russian President Boris
Yeltsin during an Ottawa stopover on his return to Moscow
from Washington. He said he hoped Russian farm reforms would
make such grain import agreements unnecessary in the future.
   Canada was a favored grain supplier of the former Soviet
Union for almost 40 years. Canada negotiated its first grain
export agreement with the Soviet Union in 1956. In some years
as much as a third of Canada's total grain exports have gone
to the Soviet Union.
   The Canadian government now views Russia, Ukraine and some
other former Soviet republics as potentially serious
competitors because they produce many of the same commodities
as Canada. In the past, commodity production in the former
Soviet states has been hampered by inefficiences. But now,
using standard Western technology, they can achieve large
increases in output of many of the commodities that Canada
produces, a Canadian government official said.
   Canadian uranium, nickel and aluminum producers have
already been hurt by increased exports from former Soviet
republics. The government official said he expected tough
competition in the farm sector as well.
   During Mr. Yeltsin's visit, the Canadian government
announced that its Export Development Corp., which finances
Canadian exports, will provide Russia with a new C$100
million line of credit to buy Canadian goods and services.
   Canada also agreed to give more favorable tariff treatment
to exports from Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states. Goods
from those countries will now be subject to the general
preferential tariff.