World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Edge Up, checked by Wariness
   That Slump Isn't Over; Frankfurt Prices Drop
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Friday, the Nikkei index sank 561.58 points to close
Tokyo's morning session at 21019.14.
   Thursday's first-section volume was estimated at 250
million shares, down from 271 million Wednesday. Gainers
easily outnumbered losers, 654-331, and 161 issues were
unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first-section
issues, which rose 34.38 points Wednesday, gained 6.97 points
to 1610.78.
   The market opened on an upward trend, pulled higher by
strong buying of March futures contracts. But the futures
index ran into resistance at about 22000 on the Nikkei and
retreated. Stocks followed bond-market price movements.
Foreigners continued to buy blue-chip electrical shares. But
selling by investment trusts and "tokkin" specified money
trusts continued to apply downward pressure. Though the
market is considered oversold, expectations of strong selling
pressure through the next two months, related to the March 31
end of the fiscal year, are expected to keep investors from
returning to the market in a big way.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index was up 3.3 points at 2525.3, slightly above the day's
low of 2522.6 and well below the peak of 2537.2. The FT
30-stock index added 1.7 points to 1963.5. Volume was 575.4
million shares, compared with 515.6 million a day earlier.
   Trading in London was directionless, owing to a lack of
fresh corporate or economic news and to continuing worries
about economic and political factors. Shares got off to a
good start, fueled by steady performances on major overseas
stock markets, then slipped when Wall Street opened on shaky
footing but came back up after New York firmed.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index dropped 10.53 points
to 1669.57. The decline, its second in a row, was partly
attributed to concern over possible strikes in the German
steel and banking sectors after wage talks failed. Of the DAX
stocks, only two advanced, 27 declined and one finished
unchanged. The equities market was hit by worries that if
German unions win big pay increases, the country's economy
could be hurt and the central bank will keep short-term
interest rates high or raise them further.
   In Hong Kong, shares staged a powerful surge in extremely
heavy trading on a newswire report, later denied, that China
had cleared the purged Communist Party secretary, Zhao
Ziyang, of charges related to the 1989 Tiananmen Square
pro-democracy uprising. Hong Kong investors viewed the report
as a sign that reformers may be regaining the upper hand in
Beijing and that China's strained relationship with the U.S.
would be on the mend. Hong Kong banking and property issues
logged the most significant advances.
   Seoul share prices also rocketed, extending the market's
climb. Optimism about stocks' near-term prospects, prompted
by declines in market interest rates, overrode concerns that
shares have risen too rapidly recently. Stocks with low
price-earnings ratios and lower prices led the market.
Financial shares also surged.
   On other Asian and Pacific markets, which had a mixed
performance overall, Sydney stocks edged up as enthusiasm was
damped by mixed signals about recovery in the Australian
economy. Taipei prices softened on profit-taking after a
string of advances. Early gains in Manila also were eroded by
profit-taking, and shares finished mixed. Wellington ended a
four-session losing streak, though shares retreated from
early highs.
   Among other European bourses, Paris equities eased ahead
of the Group of Seven industrialized nations' weekend meeting
in New York. In Milan, share prices rose across the board as
a rally by insurers boosted market sentiment. Rebounding from
a two-day slide, Stockholm shares closed higher, partly on
favorable inflation data and falling Swedish interest rates.
   In corporate developments, in London, Bass eased 2 pence
to #10.88 ($19.64) on profit-taking. The stock initially
jumped 13 pence on the brewing and beverage concern's
statement at its annual meeting that its businesses
"performed well in a difficult economic climate" in its first
quarter, which ended Dec. 31. Fiscal 1991 declines in beer
sales were "recaptured" in the fiscal 1992 first quarter,
Bass said, and the company's improved performance, including
lower overhead costs, created "a reduced requirement for
further restructuring charges." Lonrho rose 9 pence to 163
pence ($2.94). The conglomerate reported after the market
closed that its pretax profit for the year ended Sept. 30
fell 24% to #207 million ($373.6 million), forcing a 19% cut
in the annual dividend to 13 pence a share and the omission
of the first interim dividend for fiscal 1992. The earnings
results were far below analysts' expectations. Lonrho partly
blamed a drop in preciousmetals prices.
   In Frankfurt, Veba fell 3.50 marks to 371 marks ($233.23).
The energy, chemical and services conglomerate said it
expects to post flat 1991 group profit, despite a 10%
increase in sales to 60 billion marks ($37.73 billion); a
year earlier, profit totaled about 1.1 billion marks. Veba
said strong revenue growth in its power, petrochemical and
trade-transportation-services divisions was dented by a
"considerable decline" in its chemical activities.
   In Paris, Saint-Gobain rose 5.9 French francs, or 1.2%, to
494.10 francs ($91.14), despite a poor provisional earnings
report. The glass and construction materials concern
estimated that its 1991 profit plummeted 26% to 2.5 billion
francs ($461.1 million). The company cited the sluggish
economy and increased amortizations, reflecting a sustained
pace of industrial investments and the effect of recently
consolidated units. Operating profit fell 14% to 6.9 billion
francs despite an 8.6% rise in consolidated revenue to 75
billion francs.
   In Oslo, Norsk Hydro plunged 13.5 kroner, or 8.5%, to
144.5 kroner ($23.13) after sending the bourse into a
tailspin by unveiling bigger-than-expected restructuring
measures that will result in a charge of 2.4 billion kroner
($384.2 million) against fourth-quarter earnings. This
indicates the oil, metal and agricultural company will post a
loss for 1991.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % 1991
                               Jan 22     Jan 21     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ......................    390.5      385.6     +27.3
 Britain ...................    745.7      752.4     +16.7
 Canada ....................    411.7      409.3     +12.2
 Japan .....................    931.4      910.5     - 6.3

 Germany ...................    260.6      261.5     +15.6
 Hong Kong .................   3306.4     3277.9     +52.2
 Switzerland ...............    217.3      217.2     +28.7
 Australia .................    345.7      349.7     +29.1
 World index ...............    529.8      523.6     +14.8