Business Brief:
   Ryder Will Increase Capital Spending
   By 35% to Update Rental-Truck Fleet
The move may also indicate the company is trying to
position itself better for an economic recovery. But during a
meeting of securities analysts here Friday, Ryder's chairman
and chief executive officer, M. Anthony Burns, said the
company hasn't seen signs of an economic recovery yet, and
expects the recovery to be slow. Edwin A. Huston, the
company's chief financial officer, said the company would
have capital spending of more than $1 billion annually during
a recovery.
   Ryder's consumer truck-rental business has suffered
greatly from the recession, and as it sold off trucks last
year it lost further market share to Amerco's U-Haul
International Inc. Ryder currently controls about 26% of the
market, while U-Haul, based in Phoenix, Ariz., has more than
40%, according to Gerald R. Riordan, who recently took charge
of Ryder's consumerrental business.
   Mr. Riordan said the average age of Ryder's fleet rose to
36 months, from a normal average of 26 months, during the
recent cutbacks. Now, Ryder is in the midst of replacing
8,500 trucks, or about one-fourth of its consumer-rental
fleet.
   Ryder's other major reorganization -- getting out of its
unprofitable aircraft-leasing business -- is now nearly
complete, Mr. Burns said. The company announced that it sold
some aircraft-related receivables and seven Boeing 727s for
$54 million, leaving $19 million in aircraft-leasing assets
on its books. The company wouldn't name the buyers.
   Ryder had taken a fourth-quarter charge of $52 million to
reflect diminished values of its assets from the discontinued
business; the sale isn't expected to reverse any of that
charge.
   Separately, Ryder said it expects to incur $65 million in
accounting charges this year to comply with a new accounting
standard for the treatment of expected costs of
post-retirement benefits.