Mexico Sells Comermex, a Major Bank,
   to Legorreta Group for $872 Million
   ----
   By Dianna Solis
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The bid by Mr. Legorreta, who headed Banamex S.A., now
Mexico's premier bank, and currently leads a stock brokerage
concern, for the 66.5% stake held by the government narrowly
beat his closest competitor's bid by about 3%, the Finance
Ministry announced. Six investor groups took part in the
auction. Mr. Legorreta's team includes 4,000 investors, the
government said.
   Fueling the drama in this nation's financial markets were
charges in Mexico's Chamber of Deputies by opposition party
legislators that irregularities existed in the bank
privatizations, including the auction of Multibanco Comermex.
Last Friday, the Finance Ministry's subsecretary in charge of
the bank privatizations appeared before a legislative
committee to deny the charges.
   Mr. Legorreta, the focus of the legislative inquiry, also
denied in Mexico City newspaper advertisements that there was
any irregularity in a government-bank loan for his finance
company's purchase of Comermex.
   Comermex is the last of Mexico's original 18-bank system
with truly national coverage. It had about $8 billion in
assets in about 350 branches, as of December 1991, according
to the Finance Ministry. Banamex, by comparison, had $26
billion in assets in about 720 branches at the time of its
$3.3 billion summer sale.
   As Mexico opens its economy, Mexican financiers have
become particularly anxious to build full-service finance
empires. Mexico has adopted the European style of universal
banking, which combines client lists of a bank, a stock
brokerage firm, an insurance agency and other related
businesses under one roof. U.S. banking law, however,
prohibits such financial combines.