Who's News:
   Redgate Is Elected
   To New Ethics Post
   At Dun  Bradstreet
William T. Redgate, a longtime human-resources executive
and most recently assistant to Dun  Bradstreet's chairman,
was elected by the board to fill the post. Mr. Redgate, 50
years old, will report to Charles W. Moritz, chairman and
chief executive officer.
   A spokesman said the need has grown for such a function
because over the years "Dun  Bradstreet has become a large
and highly diverse world-wide organization." Responding to a
question, he added that "obviously, the credit services
situation was a factor." In 1989, five corporate customers
sued the company, accusing it of misleading clients into
overpurchasing credit services by withholding and
misrepresenting usage data. The company settled the suits for
$18 million. It also reassigned the head of its
credit-services operation.
   In his new post, Mr. Redgate is authorized to deal
directly and confidentially with any DB employee or
customer, the spokesman said. He also will provide guidance
and develop education programs on compliance with the
company's stated policies. "Being a policeman is part of the
position, but the position goes beyond that," the spokesman
said.