Abreast of the Market:
   As the Market's Stars Hit New Highs,
   Investors Eye Mid-Sized Growth Stocks
   ----
   By Craig Torres
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
On Friday, the stock market stampeded to a sixth
consecutive record. The Dow Jones Industrial Average broke
through the 3200 mark, leaping 29.07 points to close at
3201.48 in heavy trading. Since the Federal Reserve slashed
short-term interest rates Dec. 20, the Dow Jones industrials
have surged 287.12 points, or 9.9%.
   By now, shares of America's top 50 big growth companies
are selling at twice the price-earnings multiple of the broad
Standard & Poor's 500-Stock Index, Kidder Peabody calculates.
Growth stocks haven't been this rich since June 1983.
Wal-Mart Stores' stock is trading at 33.2 times its estimated
fiscal 1993 earnings; Home Depot is up at 44.8 times 1993
estimates, and Coca-Cola trades at 29 times this year's
earnings estimate. The 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor's
index are collectively selling at 15.8 times earnings.
   Even growth-stock managers are nervous about the
stretched-out valuations, which could snap back like a rubber
band if the market sags. So, some money managers are looking
at the market's midsection now -- a host of medium-sized
growth companies that have Wal-Mart-like market share in
their businesses, or the proprietary products of a drug maker
Merck, but trade at a fraction of these growth stars' P-Es.
   "You can't just buy Coke and make a lot of money now; you
have risk in valuation that didn't exist three years ago,"
says Dennis Lynch, president of growth stock manager Lynch &
Mayer, which invests $3.5 billion. Riding the biggest growth
names last year, Lynch & Mayer's average account was up about
50%.
   But now Lynch & Mayer is trimming its big positions in
growth issues like Home Depot, Merck and Novell and searching
for growth stories in medium- and smaller-sized stocks.
   Where are the new growth-stock values in this sky-high
market? Carol Coale, an analyst at Howard, Weil, Labouisse,
Friedrichs Inc., says undervalued growth stocks "are
typically lesser-known niche players" in their industries. As
an example, she picks three intrastate gas pipeline companies
selling cheaply despite their potential for strong earnings
growth.
   Western Gas Resources has chalked up average earnings
growth of 40% a year over the past five years; its return on
equity could hit 20% this year. The stock is trading at 12.8
times Ms. Coale's estimated 1992 earnings of $1.60 a share.
She also likes American Oil & Gas, which trades at 11.9 times
her 1992 estimate of 90 cents a share.
   Both companies specialize in piping natural gas from the
wellhead to big interstate pipelines. This preliminary step,
called gas gathering, is a niche business that major oil and
gas concerns aren't focusing on now, she says.
   "These companies are cash rich and are poised to make
acquisitions," she adds. "They will expand market share, and
that's the real growth story here."
   The "model" company in this group, she says, is Associated
Natural Gas, which she estimates could grow earnings 42% this
year to $1.35 a share, giving the stock a P-E of 21. Both
Associated and Western Gas Resources also process natural gas
to extract propane and butane, currently a high-margin
business.
   Ms. Coale says her forecasts for all three companies
assume a natural gas price of $1.45 a thousand cubic feet,
about a nickel higher than last year's average. So why are
the stocks cheap? "Negative sentiment toward energy stocks,"
she says, "and we're coming off a year of record-low natural
gas prices." She doesn't expect gas demand to slump this
year. She adds: "These companies are as strong a story as
you're going to get in the energy segment."
   Kevin Wenck, portfolio manager at G.T. Global Financial
Services, sees an exciting growth story in Lattice
Semiconductor. The stock is trading at a mere 11 times his
fiscal 1993 earnings forecast of $1.20 a share. Lattice has
emphasized simplicity and speed in its programmable computer
chips, but plans to roll out a more complex version to
compete with rivals Altera and Xilinx.
   Rather than paying up for retailing giant Wal-Mart, Mr.
Wenck would rather buy the stock of a Wal-Mart supplier. He
likes Lifetime Hoan Corp., a distributor of knives and
kitchen gadgets to Kmart, WalMart and other chain stores. He
expects Lifetime Hoan to boost earnings about 17% this year
to $1.40 a share, putting its P-E at 11.
   Health-care stocks were also strong performers this year.
Shares of Vencor Inc., an acute care and hospital chain, rose
293% in 1991; the stock trades at 43 times estimated 1992
earnings.
   But investors can find a similar growth story in
Integrated Health Services Inc., Mr. Wenck says. The nursing
home company is developing "sub-acute" care centers for
chronically ill patients that can be treated outside of
hospitals. This high-fee business should make up 25% of
Integrated Health's total revenue in two years, Mr. Wenck
says. Currently, he estimates that the company could earn $1
a share this year, giving it a P-E of 22, about half that of
Vencor.
   ---
   Friday's Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 29.07 points to
3201.48, bringing the average to its first-ever close above
3200.
   Other market averages also ended at records: Standard &
Poor's 500-Stock Index rose 2.08 to 419.34; the New York
Stock Exchange Composite Index added 1.18 to 230.35; and the
Dow Jones Equity Market Index gained 1.88 to 393.90. The
American Stock Exchange Market Value Index jumped 3.32 to
398.83, breaking the record close of 397.03 set on Oct. 10,
1989.
   Volume totaled 219,170,000 shares, up from Thursday's
203,600,000.
   For the week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rocketed
99.97 points, or 3.22%. Standard & Poor's 500-Stock Index
gained 3.16%, and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index
rose 2.95%.
   Shares of auto manufacturers, badly battered in recent
weeks, led Friday's surge. General Motors jumped 1 1/2 to 32
1/2; Ford gained 1 1/4 to 30 3/8; and Chrysler added 1 to 13
1/2.
   Retailers reporting better-than-expected Christmas sales
were also favorites: Woolworth gained 1 1/8 to 28 1/8; Gap
jumped 2 3/4 to 58 3/8; and Value City Department Stores rose
1 7/8 to 20 3/4. Dayton Hudson, on the other hand, lost 1 1/2
to 60 1/4 after reporting a meager 1.5% gain in same-store
sales during December.
   Investors continued to favor some wellknown growth stocks,
which are expected to produce reliable earnings even in the
face of a weak economy. Coca-Cola Co. gained 3 to 83 1/4;
pharmaceutical maker Merck added 2 1/2 to 168 7/8; and
American Telephone & Telegraph jumped 3/8 to 39 5/8.
   Among technology stocks, Conner Peripherals added 1/2 to
17 7/8 after Hambrecht & Quist raised its rating on Conner
and other disk-drive makers, saying the industry's slump has
bottomed.
   Convex Computer rallied 2 to 12 5/8 after Robertson
Stephens issued a "buy" recommendation on the stock Friday.
   United Healthcare gained 5 5/8 to 79 1/8. The company
completed the purchase of Ohio-based Physicians Health Plan.
   TCF Financial gained 2 to 20 3/4 after a 1.6 million-share
offering of the company's stock was priced at $18.50 a share.
   WMS Industries gained 1 1/4 to 30 1/2. Oppenheimer analyst
Steven Eisenberg made positive comments about the company and
raised his earnings estimates.
   Wachovia slid 3/8 to 58 3/8. The company said it expects a
fourth-quarter loss of about $40 million, or 45 cents a fully
diluted share.