Accountant, Partner
   Indicted on Handling
   Of Teamsters Pension
Mr. Watchmaker, a certified public accountant, was the
principal of an accounting firm providing services to
numerous Teamster entities in the Boston area, including the
New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund,
Local 25, and Joint Council 10.
   The charges included allegations of racketeering,
receiving kickbacks under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act or Erisa, the U.S. law that protects private
retirement benefits, and three counts of Erisa and union
embezzlement. Mr. Watchmaker is also charged separately with
making false statements in Erisa documents.
   The indictment charges that between 1980 and 1990 the two
men used Mr. Watchmaker's influence over the investment of
millions of dollars of union and Erisa funds to obtain
favorable treatment at several small Boston banks that were
financing their speculative real estate ventures. It also
charges that they orchestrated the sale of $30 million of
real estate held by the Teamster's pension fund to a third
business partner for their own benefit.
   The banks weren't named in the indictment. But in a
statement, the U.S. attorney's office named Patriot and
Capitol banks and Home Owners Federal Savings  Loan
Association, all institutions that are defunct. A fourth,
Century Bank, Los Angeles, a subsidiary of Century Holding
Co., San Francisco, wasn't charged with any wrongdoing.
   Mr. Zais declined to comment. Mr. Watchmaker couldn't be
reached, but his attorney said his client denies the charges,
and he questioned whether there were "political motivations"
to them. He said the charges were "weak on the facts and the
law."