Georgia-Pacific Loses
   Another Dioxin Case;
   Insurer Refuses to Pay
Other paper companies are likely taking note of
Georgia-Pacific's setbacks. International Paper Co. and
Champion International Corp. are among those who have faced
similar suits.
   Georgia-Pacific, citing company policy, wouldn't comment
on whether it has set aside a reserve to cover the jury
verdicts. The company said that before the latest verdict was
returned, Aetna Life  Casualty Co. "took the position that
these claims are not within its coverage." Georgia-Pacific
said it has sued Aetna, its primary insurance carrier, and
seven other insurers, in a Mississippi federal court, seeking
a judgment that the jury awards should be covered. Aetna
officials couldn't be reached for comment.
   Also, Georgia-Pacific said it is pursuing appeals of both
jury verdicts. In the first case, decided in October 1990, a
man owning a fishing cabin on the Leaf River won more than $1
million from a local jury. In the second case, Thomas D. and
Bonnie J. Ferguson, a couple living downstream from the plant
in Pascagoula, Miss., won $3.2 million, including $3 million
in punitive damages, after a monthlong trial.
   "We don't think we have injured anyone," said a company
spokeswoman, who noted the Mississippi plant has met
state-set limits for dioxin emissions.