Business Brief:
   New Issue of Archer
   Communications Set;
   Control to Change
David Gallagher, Archer's vice president, finance, said
the sale of the units will "put our financing worries behind
us." Since a couple of failed equity issues last year, he
said, the company has been living on "hand-to-mouth
financing." Private placements of equity have been Archer's
main source of cash flow as it searches out new customers for
QSound in the music and entertainment industries.
   Archer said it will issue 2.9 million equity units for
$1.83 apiece. Each unit comprises one common share and a
warrant to purchase a common share for $2.15. Archer
currently has 12.2 million shares outstanding.
   In over-the-counter trading yesterday, Archer's shares
closed at 2 3/8, bid.
   Archer said the undisclosed investor plans to buy 2.5
million of the units being offered. The investor also is
negotiating with Archer's two biggest current holders, Danny
Lowe and John Lees, inventors of the QSound process, to
acquire an additional 1.5 million shares, the company said.
Mr. Lowe, a senior vice president at Archer, couldn't be
reached to comment. Mr. Lees, who left the company in 1990,
declined to comment.
   Mr. Gallagher said the investor, which he described as a
corporation that currently owns few Archer shares, would hold
about 30% of the company's stock on a fully diluted basis.
This will result in a "change in control" at Archer, the
company said. Mr. Gallagher said he expects the undisclosed
investor will be represented on the Archer board, but
otherwise won't participate in running the company.