Enterprise:
   SBA Sees Lending
   Increasing in 1992,
   With ATT Boost
   ----
   By Dorothy J. Gaiter
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In 1991, a dozen private nonbank lenders made SBA-backed
loans totaling $335 million to about 1,000 recipients, the
SBA said. It didn't make a specific projection of total
lending for 1992. But the new ATT unit, which is slated to
begin operating in April, increases the total potential for
such loans. Many small businesses -- eager for any financing
-- especially like such loans because the lenders, under SBA
rules, can't demand any equity position.
   Mr. Wajnert says the ATT loans probably will range
between $50,000 and $1 million each and will be aimed
initially at first-time owners of franchises. Depending on
the size of the loan, the interest rate may be the same as
the banks' prime lending rate for favored customers, or else
as much as 2.75 percentage points above prime, said Patty
Mullane, a spokeswoman for ATT Capital.
   Mr. Wajnert says ATT expects its participation in the SBA
program to "contribute to the overall profitability of ATT."
   Mr. Wajnert said an existing franchise-financing unit of
ATT Capital is constantly beseiged by first-time franchisees
who need financing, although that unit prefers to deal with
larger, multi-unit franchise owners. SBA Administrator
Patricia Saiki said the SBA has served franchises
successfully, and the ATT initiative in this direction "is a
natural."
   The new ATT unit, to be based in Morristown, N.J., will
be looking at an applicant's track record, whether from
previous experience in owning a business or in management, as
well as possibly the amount of equity they can contribute,
Mr. Wajnert said. Basically, he added, the lender will be
looking at "the quality of the individual."