Revco Has Support
   Of 2 Creditor Groups
   For Its Revamp Plan
Spokesmen for two creditor committees said the cash option
makes the Revco plan as attractive as the plan submitted by
Eckerd, if not more so. Eckerd is a closely held Clearwater,
Fla., retailer and drugstore operator. A federal bankruptcy
judge in Akron, Ohio, is scheduled to review both plans at a
Feb. 14 hearing, and will likely ask creditors to vote on
them.
   Brad Scheler, an attorney for subordinated note holders
representing $760 million in claims, said: "If the
noteholders committee and the trade committee are asked for a
preference, they prefer the Revco-Zell/Chilmark plan." He
added, however, that the groups are "continuing to evaluate"
both plans. Stuart Hertzberg, a spokesman for trade creditors
representing $181 million in claims, said his group hasn't
officially stated a preference and may end up supporting both
the Revco and Eckerd plans.
   It's not known whether the remaining creditors
representing about $483 million in claims will also throw
their support behind Revco. However, Bob White, a spokesman
for the bank creditors, said his group continues to support
the Eckerd plan and is waiting to see if Revco improves terms
for the banks. An Eckerd spokesman said that company's plan
continues to have "a broad base of support" among creditors.