Business Brief -- American Telephone  Telegraph Co.:
   ATT Forms Joint Venture to Build
   And Run New Phone System in Ukraine
ATT, which will also supply the network equipment for the
project and set up local manufacturing of its communications
switches, didn't disclose the value of the venture. ATT said
Ukraine's telephone authority will hold a 51% stake in the
venture. ATT will pay for its 39% share by providing
switching equipment "worth tens of millions of dollars," the
company said. The Dutch phone authority, PTT Telecom, will
own the remaining 10%.
   ATT said it will take some of its profits in the form of
hard currency payments for long distance calls from other
countries to Ukraine. The rest will come in currently
nonconvertible rubles.
   Many U.S. phone companies, from regional Bell concerns to
long-distance carriers, view the former Soviet republics as
promising markets. ATT noted Ukraine has 52 million citizens
in an area about the size of France. Two-thirds of those in
Kiev, the capital, don't have phones.
   The Ukrainian venture marks the first time the company has
moved to construct, own and operate a long-distance phone
network outside the U.S., said ATT Vice Chairman Randall L.
Tobias. Long term, he said, the venture hopes to capture a
sizable chunk of Ukraine's project to modernize its local
phone system.