World Regulators
   Still Strive for Accord
   On Capital Adequacy
The Geneva meeting "made considerable progress" toward an
international agreement on securities regulation, conceded
Jean Saint-Geours, the chairman of France's securities
watchdog body, Commission des Operations de la Bourse. "But
there is still a long way to go," he said in a telephone
interview.
   While Britain and France, with the backing of Japan, are
holding out for a 2% ratio on firms' gross trading positions
covering a diversified portfolio of liquid equities, a
majority of other countries represented favor 4%, and the
U.S. made clear that it would even prefer 8%, according to
participants at the meeting. Other nations represented
included Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Italy, Spain,
Canada, Sweden and Australia.
   The Geneva talks -- held under the auspices of the
International Organization of Securities Commissions, or
Iosco, and the Bank for International Settlements' Basel
committee on banking supervision -- reflect a growing
international desire for a regulatory safety net to guard
against possible risks in the event of a securities trading
firm's collapse.
   But the debate has proved extremely complex, and its
potential impact in terms of additional capital requirements
for securities firms has caused alarm in the securities
industry.
   That's particularly the case in London, where a
sophisticated system of regulation results in relatively low
capital ratios. That system takes account of a range of
hedging possibilities, including futures and options. And
because London's stock market works on the basis of a
quote-driven system, rather than an orders-driven system,
market-makers can find themselves needing to hold large
amounts of stock.
   Higher capital ratios, especially if they're calculated on
a broad-brush basis without taking account of hedging
techniques and other factors, could force a number of firms
out of business, London traders fear.