Usinor Sacilor Posts
   '91 Consolidated Loss
   Of $567.4 Million
   ---
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Consolidated revenue rose 1% to 97.1 billion francs in
1991 from 96.1 billion francs a year earlier, but on a
comparable group structure basis, a drop of 6.9% was
registered.
   Usinor Sacilor's chairman, Francis Mer, said last year's
steep deterioration in profitability reflected 3.5 billion
francs in charges related to a three-year restructuring
program announced at the end of last year aimed at trimming
8,000 jobs, or 13.4% of the group's total work force.
   Usinor Sacilor is 80%-owned by the government. Credit
Lyonnais acquired a 20% stake in the steelmaker last July in
exchange for a 2.5 billion franc capital boost.
   Mr. Mer said he didn't see how the situation could get any
worse. "We're in the trough of the wave . . . I don't see how
prices can go any lower," he said.
   Mr. Mer said that the restructuring charges for the next
three years have been loaded onto 1991's earnings, and that
the group will "certainly" move back into the black in 1992
despite the likelihood that demand will remain at its present
depressed level.
   Mr. Mer predicted that European steel demand won't pick up
until 1993 at the earliest, noting that, as a rule, economic
activity has to expand at an annual inflation-adjusted rate
of more than 2.5% for steel demand to pick up.
   He also suggested that Usinor's competitors in Germany and
Britain will also continue to suffer financially from the
depressed level of demand.