Shawmut National
   Plans an Offering
   Of Common Stock
"I think {Shawmut's offering} will be well received.
Regional bank stocks are very much in vogue these days," said
Gerard Cassidy, an analyst with Tucker, Anthony Inc. "There's
a perception that this offering will make the company more
strongly capitalized, which will, in turn, help boost the
stock price -- maybe even above the current levels."
   Shawmut, with assets of $22.8 billion, currently has 73.7
million shares outstanding. Although the bank posted a loss
of $170.7 million in 1991, it reported small profits for both
the third and fourth quarters as the level of problem assets
dropped slightly after increasing sharply since 1990. Shawmut
has shareholders equity at year end of $1.04 billion, or
4.56% of total assets.
   Shawmut's planned offering, which is expected to start
before the end of March, comes a few weeks after the bank
ended merger negotiations with regional rival Bank of Boston
Corp.
   Shawmut said proceeds from the sale "will be used
primarily to make capital contributions to the company's bank
subsidiaries" that would allow "for expansion within the
company's existing business lines."
   Morgan Stanley  Co., Shawmut's investment bank during
nine months of negotiations with Bank of Boston, is the
manager of the underwriting group for the offering.
   Over the past six months, numerous other banks have made
common stock offerings, using a rising stock market to raise
capital that has been eaten away by soured loans.