Money Rates
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a
guide to general levels but don't always represent actual
transactions.
                                                                                                       

   PRIME RATE: 6 1/2%. The base rate on corporate loans at
large U.S. money center commercial banks.
                                                                                                       

   FEDERAL FUNDS: Closed for holiday.
                                                                                                       

   DISCOUNT RATE: 3.50%. The charge on loans to depository
institutions by the Federal Reserve Banks.
                                                                                                       

   CALL MONEY: 6%. The charge on loans to brokers on stock
exchange collateral.
                                                                                                       

   LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS: 4 3/16% - 4 1/16% one month; 4
3/16% - 4 1/16% two months; 4 3/16% - 4 1/16% three months; 4
3/16% - 4 1/16% four months; 4 3/16% - 4 1/16% five months; 4
3/16% - 4 1/16% six months.
                                                                                                       

   LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES (LIBOR): 4 3/16% one month;
4 3/16% three months; 4 3/16% six months; 4 1/2% one year.
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in
the London market based on quotations at five major banks.
Effective rate for contracts entered into two days from date
appearing at top of this column.
                                                                                                       

   FOREIGN PRIME RATES: Canada 8%; Germany 11%; Japan 6.63%;
Switzerland 10.13%; Britain 10.50%. These rate indications
aren't directly comparable; lending practices vary widely by
location.
                                                                                                       

   TREASURY BILLS: Results of the Monday, January 13, 1992,
auction of short-term U.S. government bills, sold at a
discount from face value in units of $10,000 to $1 million:
3.83% 13 weeks; 3.87% 26 weeks.
                                                                                                       

   MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST: 4.38%. Annualized
average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days;
not a forecast of future returns.