Norwest Predicts
   1st Period Will Be
   Above Estimates
   ----
   By James P. Miller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Noting that analysts are projecting 1992 per-share
earnings of $3.20 to $3.35, Mr. Kovacevich said the company
is "more comfortable at the very high part of that range."
The $3.35-a-share figure would represent earnings of about
$500 million, compared with restated 1991 results of $2.93 a
share, or $422 million.
   The 1992 projection is based on the expectation that the
economy won't encounter a significant downturn.
   With banking operations in 12 Upper Midwestern and Western
states, Norwest has been spared the worst effects of the
recession, which hit both coasts harder than the nation's
middle. Norwest's profitability, as measured by its return on
assets and equity, has been consistently above average.
   "Our long-term corporate objective is to grow earnings by
10% a year, with a 1.10 return on assets and a 17% return on
equity," he said, and "we expect for the next couple of years
to comfortably exceed" all of those goals. Earnings for 1992
of $3.35 a share "would be a return on assets of 1.25 to
1.30, well above those goals," he said. All of the company's
about 50 divisions are "at or above" profit goals, he said.
   The company's net interest margin, or spread -- the
difference between what it pays depositors and its return on
loanswas a solid 5.29% in 1991's final quarter, but Mr.
Kovacevich said in the current period, "the margin's actually
improving from the fourth quarter," adding that it's also up
more than 50 basis points from the 1991 first quarter.
   Helping fuel earnings growth is an ongoing increase in
income from fees the bank holding concern charges customers.
It also operates one of the nation's largest mortgage
companies.
   Norwest has had "four consecutive (quarterly) declines in
nonperforming loans," he said, "and we see that continuing."
   In mid-January Norwest acquired the $1.8 billion-asset
Davenport Bank  Trust in Iowa, with a balance sheet solid
enough to boost Norwest's already strong equity-to-asset
ratio by nearly 30 basis points to 7.0 and its total assets
to $40.3 billion.
   Mr. Kovacevich refused to discuss whether Norwest might
become a suitor for California's big First Interstate
Bancorp.