Marketing  Media:
   Carolco Says Accord
   On Bailout Involves
   Three Board Seats
But it wasn't clear whether the three proposed new
directors would be added to the current 13-member board or
replace three existing directors. The partners currently
control four out of 13 seats and also have made the financing
contingent upon reaching an employment agreement with
Chairman Mario Kassar, who controls the rest of the seats; so
a control-sharing compromise seems likely. Also said to be
under discussion were other management issues, which
presumably include agreeing upon a successor for the outgoing
president, Peter Hoffman.
   The financing is contingent upon holders of $67.5 million
of 14% secured notes agreeing to Carolco's offer to redeem
them for between 65 and 85 cents on the dollar. Carolco's
banks, which are owed about $168 million as of Jan. 21, have
tentatively agreed to the financing arrangement.
   The supplement also reveals that one of the partners, a
unit of Pioneer Electronic Corp. in Tokyo, agreed to advance
$10 million to the company "immediately." Carolco terminated
25% of its work force late last year and its ready cash
clearly is limited. The partners are Pioneer, RCS Video
International Services B.V., an affiliate of Rizzoli Corriere
della Sera Group and a unit of France's Canal S.A.