New Securities Issues
notes, due March 15, 2002, was priced as 8 3/8% at 99.245 to
yield 8.488%. The noncallable subordinated notes were priced
at a spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year
note. Rated single-A-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
single-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       


$263.695 million various general obligation bonds, consisting
of $163.695 million refunding bonds, due March 1, 1993-2005,
and $100 million public improvement general obligation bonds,
due Jan. 1, 1994-2012, apparently were won by a Prudential
Securities Inc. group. The bonds are rated triple-A by
Moody's and SP. The $163.695 million refunding general
obligation bonds are priced to yield from 4.00% in 1994 to
6.15% in 2005. Bonds maturing in 1993 aren't formally
reoffered to investors. A First Boston Corp. group apparently
placed the winning bid for $100 million of the county's
various general obligation bonds. The $100 million public
improvement general obligation bonds were priced for
reoffering to yield from 4.00% in 1994 to 6.40% in 2011 and
2012.
   City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii -- $100 million
general obligation bonds, 1992 Series A, due March 1,
1996-2012, were tentatively priced by a Goldman, Sachs  Co.
group to yield from 5.15% in 1997 to 6.60% in 2011 and 2012.
Bonds maturing in 1996 aren't formally reoffered to
investors. The bonds are rated double-A by Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- A $400.01 million
issue of Freddie Mac real estate mortgage investment conduit
(REMIC) mortgage securities is being offered by PaineWebber
Inc. The offering, Series Gold 1246, is backed by Freddie Mac
Gold 15-year 7 1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 8.10% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 14.75 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million
issue of Fannie Mae real estate mortgage investment conduit
(REMIC) mortgage securities is being offered by Merrill Lynch
 Co. The offering, Series 1992-55, is backed by Fannie Mae
8% mortgage securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million
issue of Fannie Mae real estate mortgage investment conduit
(REMIC) mortgage securities is being offered by Kidder,
Peabody  Co. The offering, Series 1992-54, is backed by
Fannie Mae 15-year 8% mortgage securities. The collateral has
a weighted average coupon rate of 8.65% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 14.33 years.
                                                                                                       

                       ASSET-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Shawmut Bank N.A. -- $134.3 million home equity-loan
pass-through securities offering has been priced by
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co. as 6.40% at 99 25/32
to yield 6.61%. That yield is 115 basis points above two-year
Treasury note yields. The securities are being sold through a
special purpose vehicle called Shawmut National REMIC Trust
1992-A. Undewriters expect a triple-A rating from SP and
Moody's, based on the quality of the underlying loans and the
support of a subordinated class totaling about 10% of the
senior class of securities. The legal final maturity is Sept.
15, 2006.

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Opta Food Ingredients Inc. -- initial 1.7 million shares
were priced at $12 each through underwriters led by Kidder,
Peabody  Co. and Wessels, Arnold  Henderson.
   Enhanced Imaging Technologies Inc. -- initial 1.6 million
shares were priced at $12 each through underwriters led by
Prudential Securities Inc. The price is at the low end of its
price talk range of $12 to $14.
   Endosonics Corp. -- initial 2.75 million shares were
priced at $15 each through underwriters led by Piper, Jaffray
 Hopwood Inc. and Needham  Co. The issue was priced aboved
its proposed range of $11 to $13. In addition, the size of
the offering was increased from two million shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Chubu Electric Power Co. (Japan) -- $350 million of 7%
Eurobonds due March 26, 1996, at an issue and reoffer price
of par via UBS Phillips  Drew Ltd. Spread of 58 basis points
above the U.S. Treasury yield curve. Fees 0.25 point.
   African Development Bank (supranational) -- $300 million
of 7 7/8% Eurobonds due April 2, 2002, at an issue and
reoffer price of 99.74 via Swiss Bank Corp. Spread of 38
basis points above the 10-year U.S. government issue. Fees
0.325.
   Du Pont Co. (U.S.) -- $250 million of 8% Eurobonds due
April 2, 2002, and priced at 101.6875% via Credit Suisse
First Boston. Reoffered to investors at 100.0625 to offer a
yield spread of 45.5 basis points above the comparable U.S.
Treasury note. Fees two points.
   Philip Morris Co. (U.S.) -- $250 million of 7 1/2%
Eurobonds due April 2, 1997, at an issue price of 101.6025
via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Reoffered at 100.0775 to
yield 7.48% annually, a spread of 60 basis points above the
comparable Treasury issue. Fees 1 7/8.
   Republic of Turkey (sovereign) -- $150 million of 8 1/2%
semiannual Eurobonds due March 20, 1997, at an issue and
reoffer price of par via Bankers Trust International. Spread
of 260 basis points above the comparable Treasury issue. The
issue is puttable back to Turkey in the third year at par.
Fees 1 1/4.
   IMI Bank International (Italy) -- $300 million of 7 5/8%
Eurobonds due April 7, 1997 at issue price 101.325 via J.P.
Morgan Securities. Offered initially at a fixed price of
99.75 to yield 7.69%, margin of 0.75 point above the U.S.
Treasury's 6 3/4% due February 1997. Guaranteed by Istituto
Mobiliare Italiano S.p.A. Fees 1 7/8.
   World Bank (supranational) -- one billion French francs of
8 3/8% Eurobonds due March 16, 2000 via Credit Commercial de
France. Offered to investors initially at a fixed price of
98.74 to yield 8.42%, margin of 0.10 point above comparable
French Treasury yield. Fees 0.30 point.
   Ente Nazionale per l'Energie Elettrica (Italy) -- 500
billion lire of 10 5/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 20, 2002 at issue
price 101.60 via Banca Commerciale Italiana. Yield 10.66%
(annual). Will trade interchangeably with an outstanding
issue with identical terms. Guaranteed by the Republic of
Italy. Fees 1 7/8 points.
   Japan Radio Co. (Japan) -- $150 million of 3% Eurobonds
due March 26, 1996 with equity warrants attached via Nikko
(Europe) Ltd. Each $10,000 bond carries two warrants
exercisable from April 9, 1992 to March 19, 1996 to buy Japan
Radio shares at an expected 2 1/2% premium above the closing
share price when final terms fixed on March 10. Fees 2 1/4.
   Taisei Prefab Co. (Japan) -- $100 million of 3% Eurobonds
with equity-warrants attached due March 19, 1996, at an issue
price of par via Yamaichi International. Guaranteed by Fuji
Bank Ltd. Denominations of $10,000 plus two warrants to
purchase shares in the company at terms to be fixed on March
10. Exercise period of the warrants will run from April 1 to
March 12, 1996. Fees 2 1/4.
   Showa Highpolymer Co. (Japan) -- 50 million marks of bonds
with equity-purchase warrants, 4 3/8% coupon due March 26,
1996 at par via Daiwa Europe (Deutschland) G.m.b.H.
Guaranteed by Kyowa Saitama Bank Ltd. Warrants are
exercisable from April 9, 1992 to March 12, 1996. Fixing
March 9. Fees 2 1/4.
   KYC Machine Industry Co. (Japan) -- 50 million Swiss
francs of 3 1/2% notes with equity-purchase warrants due
March 26, 1996 and priced at par, via Swiss Bank Corp.
Guaranteed by Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan. Exercise period
of the warrants will be from April 9, 1992 to March 6, 1996.
Definitive terms and conditions of the notes and warrants
will be fixed March 9. Fees undisclosed.
   KYC Machine Industry Co. (Japan) -- 20 million Swiss
francs of 3 3/4% convertible notes due Sept. 20, 1996, and
priced at par, via Swiss Bank Corp. Put option on Sept. 20,
1994 at 108 5/8 to yield 6.99%. Each 50,000 Swiss franc note
is convertible from April 9, 1992 to Sept. 6, 1996, at an
estimated 2 1/2% premium over the closing share price March
9, when terms are fixed. Fees undisclosed.