IRS Is Abandoning
   Challenge to Status
   Of Popular LYONs
   ----
   By Randall Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The challenge by the IRS's Chicago office, which became
public in mid-December, had raised a cloud of uncertainty
over the tax status of LYONs, a lucrative source of
underwriting fees for Merrill. LYONs are a form of
zero-coupon corporate bonds that are convertible into either
the stock of the company that issued them or into some other
equity instrument.
   LYONs allow companies that issue them to gain tax
deductions for interest that accrues on the securities, even
though the interest may never actually be paid if the
securities are converted into some form of equity. Just
before Staley was acquired by Lyle  Tate PLC in 1988, the
Staley LYONs were converted into stock.
   Insisting that the IRS's challenge was unwarranted,
Merrill executives later released an opinion from the IRS's
national office upholding the tax status of LYONs issued by
another, unnamed corporation. But the IRS filing in the
Staley case appears to put the matter to rest.
   A spokesman for the IRS declined to elaborate on the IRS
tax court filing. A spokeswoman for Merrill Lynch said the
firm was "pleased that the IRS has concluded there is no
problem." Just yesterday, another Merrill client, Automatic
Data Processing Inc., filed plans to raise $248.3 million
with a new LYONs issue.
   Attorney Dan Burt of the Washington law firm of Burt Maner
 Miller, which represents Lyle  Tate, said the company went
to Tax Court because the alternative course of seeking a
ruling from IRS headquarters would have allowed the IRS to
extend the tax case beyond a three-year time limit. "We took
this route because it was fast, short, cheap and efficient,"
he said.