OTC Focus:
   Index Rises 1.77% as Volume Climbs;
   Synopsys Leaps 75% in Initial Trading
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Elsewhere, over-the-counter stocks erased three days of
losses as the Nasdaq Composite Index soared 11.00 to 632.40,
a 1.77% gain. Advancers outpaced decliners, 1,375 to 765, as
119 stocks climbed to new highs and 15 fell to new lows.
Total OTC volume climbed to 225 million shares from 194.5
million Tuesday.
   Demand for Synopsys's small offeringjust two million
shares were sold -- was so heavy that the stock opened at
$28.50, or $10.50 above the price of the offering, led by
Morgan Stanley. It jumped as high as $33 in frenetic trading
as "flippers" -- investors who buy a hot deal and then
immediately sell it for a quick profit -- turned over their
shares.
   Seasoned traders were dazed by the deal's gravity-defying
rise. "This is stupid, stupid, stupid," one trader said, as
he sold the stock short for his firm's own account --
borrowing stock to sell in the expectation that it will fall
and he will profit by replacing his borrowed shares at a
lower price. With 12.5 million shares outstanding after the
offering, Synopsys has a market value of nearly $394 million.
Insiders, including Sumitomo Corp. of Japan and Harris Corp.
of Melbourne, Fla., sold about 450,000 shares. After the
offering, directors and officers own about 38.1% of the
stock, venture capital partnerships own 33.5% and Harris has
about 10.7%.
   Synopsys stock will disappoint investors who buy at these
lofty levels, many analysts contend. It has been "one of
Silicon Valley's hottest companies for years," Michael Murphy
of the California Technology Stock Letter wrote in a recent
report. Founded in 1986, Synopsys makes a new type of
software for computer engineers that makes it easier and
faster for them to design complex computer chips. The
company's "high level design automation software" could
become the leading technology in the 1990s for computer-aided
engineering, says Standard  Poor's analyst Robert S. Natale.
   Synopsys has snared 250 customers in the semiconductor,
computer, communications and defense industries and its
growth is expected to be impressive. Revenue is expected to
jump nearly 47% to $59.5 million for fiscal 1992, ending in
September, from $40.5 million a year earlier, Mr. Natale
estimates. Earnings, depressed in 1991 because of
acquisition-related expenses, are expected to more than
double to 55 cents a share from 27 cents a year earlier.
   Such growth can't be sustained indefinitely, warns Charles
Foundyller, president of Daratech Inc. of Cambridge, Mass.,
which tracks the computer-aided design business and expects
that total sales for all companies in the group will grow
about 13% this year to about $540 million. Synopsys "may have
rapid growth for a couple of years, but I think they'll hit a
brick wall at {sales of} about $100 million," he says, noting
that the engineering market is limited and that new
competitors can quickly arrive on the scene.
   After yesterday's spectacular debut, Synopsys sells at
sky-high levels compared with its more seasoned competitors,
Cadence Design Systems and Mentor Graphics, and even is
richer than newly public Viewlogic Systems. Synopsys now
trades at about 8.7 times the most recent 12 months' revenue,
compared with Viewlogic, which trades at about six times
sales, and Cadence Design and Mentor Graphics, which sell at
less than three times revenue. Mr. Murphy suggests waiting to
buy the stock below $20. If stocks cool, Standard  Poor's
Mr. Natale suggests that investors wait and buy Synopsys in
150 days, after some 9.2 million shares held by insiders
become available for sale. "Whatever gains the company
expects to make in the near term have already been reflected
in the stock," he says.
   The fevered reception for Synopsys is likely to feed
interest in computer-related IPOs and replace the thirst for
biotechnology and health-care issues, Mr. Natale adds.
Indeed, among more than 35 companies that have gone public
this month, computer-related IPOs have generally fared
better, according to IDD Information Services. Defense
Software  Systems is up more than 96%, for example, while
Frame Technology is up more than 60%. Even Scholastic, which
is up 21% from Tuesday's offering, has a technology
component: it makes educational software as well as printed
materials.
   Yet health care issues have been disappointing: I-Stat, a
maker of blood analysis products, also went public yesterday
with an offering of three million shares. Priced at $18.50 a
share, the stock slipped to $18.25. Advantage Health, which
provides medical rehabilitation services, has fallen 5.7%
from its recent offering price and Univax Biologics, which
went public early this month at $12 a share, has sagged to
$10.25.
   Shares of software leader Microsoft jumped 6 1/4 to 122
after this newspaper reported that the company is pursuing an
alliance with Digital Equipment that would allow Microsoft's
operating system software to work on advanced computer
workstations. Separately, Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette analyst
Scott Smith upgraded his rating on Microsoft to "buy" from
"moderately attractive."
   Among the day's other sharp gainers were: Medical Care
International, which climbed 5 1/2 to 71; Chiron, which rose
3 1/4 to 53 3/4; Apple Computer, which gained 1 3/8 to 69
7/8; and U.S. Homecare, which advanced 3 to 24 1/2.
   Everex Systems shares jumped 1 7/16 to 7 7/16 after the
personal computer maker late Tuesday reported net income of
$1.2 million, or five cents a share, for its second quarter,
ended Feb. 2, reversing a year-ago loss of $15.4 million, or
65 cents a share. That loss included $11.4 million in
charges.
   Several analysts upgraded ratings on Everex's shares.
Oppenheimer  Co.'s Marianne Wolk, for example, upgraded her
opinion to "buy" from "market performer," Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said. The latest quarter's
earnings were in line with estimates.
   Autotrol Corp. slumped 5 1/4 to 9 1/2. Late Tuesday, the
company disclosed that talks related to its planned
acquisition by Wicor Inc. have been terminated. The companies
had entered an agreement in principle for the transaction in
December. In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Wicor
shares added 1/2 to 25 7/8.
   Cerner Corp. jumped 4 1/2 to 30 3/4 after the company
reported sharply higher fourth-quarter net income. Revenue at
the Kansas City, Mo., maker of information systems increased
to $27.2 million from $15.1 million.
   Amgen advanced 3 1/8 to 66 5/8 amid the general advance in
biotechnology-related stocks. Late Tuesday, Amgen said it
will repurchase as much as $50 million in it common stock
through next January. It will use the shares for its employee
stock-purchase and stock-option plans.
   Condor Services jumped 2 to 5 1/2. The stock rose 1
Tuesday after the El Segundo, Calif., insurance holding
company posted fourth-quarter earnings of 19 cents a share,
compared with a loss of 33 cents a share a year earlier.
   Consilium Inc. fell 3 to 13. The company had a loss of 10
cents a share for the first quarter, ended Jan. 31, wider
than its yearago deficit of five cents a share.
   Nordson Corp. lost 1 5/8 to 48 3/8 after the company
reported earnings of 38 cents a share for its first quarter,
ended Feb. 2, up from 34 cents a share a year ago, but below
analysts' expectations.