Packard Bell Plans
   Initial Public Offering
   Of 5.2 Million Shares
The company has boomed with a sales strategy that has
tapped into the mass-merchandising market. While other
computer makers focused on specialty computer outlets such as
Computer World, Packard aimed its distribution toward
department stores including Sears Roebuck, warehouse clubs
such as Costco and Price Club, and superstores such as
CompUSA. That strategy boosted Packard's sales to $676
million in 1991 from $188 million in 1988, said a senior
company official.
   The company also has become successful by focusing much of
its sales effort on individual PC users, stressing price,
features and ease of installation when other makers were
still emphasizing compatibility -- a concern of corporate
computer buyers in the past.
   Last year Packard Bell, with 850 employees, trailed only
International Business Machines Corp. itself in shipments of
IBM clones.
   Packard Bell also disclosed in its filing that after
initially concentrating on the U.S. mass market it has
recently stepped up its emphasis on international markets. It
opened its first overseas assembly and sales facility in
Nijmegen, the Netherlands, last year and established sales
offices in Britain, France and Germany.