Top Contenders
   Emerge in Bidding
   For CrossLand
   ----
   By Neil Barsky
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Rather than seize the bank's assets, the government
planned on a swift sale to an outside buyer, but the sale has
taken longer than expected. If no deal can be reached, a
federal takeover is still possible.
   CrossLand's value lies in its extensive branch network,
principally in the New York City metropolitan area, and about
$6 billion in retail deposits. In addition to its 44 New York
state branches, CrossLand owns five branches in New Jersey
and about 35 in Utah, Florida, California, and Virginia.
   A CrossLand spokesman declined to discuss the situation,
as did spokesmen for Chase and Republic.
   For the first nine months of 1991, CrossLand posted losses
of $308 million, while its asset base shrunk from $11.7
billion to 9.2 billion. The asset base shrunk further with
the November sale of 25 Crossland offices in Washington and
Oregon to Washington Mutual Savings Bank. At the end of the
third quarter, CrossLand's nonperforming assets stood at
$1.55 billion.
   Meanwhile, many CrossLand executives are said to be
preparing to leave the institution. Individuals in the real
estate industry said President Robert Goldstein would resign
his position soon.
   Mr. Goldstein is a veteran of Texas banking who joined
CrossLand last year in a move to reverse the thrift's sinking
fortunes. His departure from the thrift was widely expected
after the federal government announced over the summer that
it would seek a buyer for CrossLand.
   Mr. Goldstein did not return a phone call.
   CrossLand was an aggressive lender to New York City real
estate projects in the late 1980s, at the precise time the
market turned sour. Today, the bank's borrowers have a long
list of unsold condominium projects with such
optimistic-sounding names as the Pinnacle, and the Future.
   In April, the federal Office of Thrift Supervision
approved a recapitalization plan that would have increased
the thrift's capital by about $500 million. The approval was
later withdrawn.
   In one proposal under consideration by the federal Office
of Thrift Supervision, the depositary assets would be
purchased by an outside bank, and the non-performing loans
would be taken over by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.