Ex-Aide to Pierce
   At HUD Indicted
   On Fraud Charges
   ----
   By Timothy Noah
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The 24-count indictment charges that after he left HUD,
Mr. Wilson falsely asserted that his employer, PaineWebber
Inc., had agreed to finance three developments for which
Texas developer Leonard Briscoe was seeking HUD subsidies.
PaineWebber isn't named in the indictment.
   The indictment alleges that Mr. Wilson conspired with Mr.
Briscoe, with whom he had real estate investments, and with
DuBois Gilliam, a former deputy assistant secretary at HUD.
Mr. Briscoe, who had already been indicted over his alleged
role in the affair, was also charged in yesterday's
indictment with fraud and submitting false statements to HUD.
   Mr. Gilliam, who brought the charges to light in a 1989
congressional hearing, was named as an unindicted
co-conspirator. Mr. Gilliam has served time in prison for
bribery and fraud committed while he was at HUD.
   Yesterday's indictment appeared to bring the investigation
close to Mr. Pierce, with whom Mr. Wilson worked closely at
HUD. According to the indictment, Mr. Gilliam discussed one
of the three projects, a housing project in Belle Glade,
Fla., with Mr. Pierce in 1987, and Mr. Pierce drew a line on
a funding list indicating that the Belle Glade project was to
be funded by HUD.
   But the indictment didn't allege any wrongdoing by Mr.
Pierce. Mr. Pierce's lawyer, Paul Perito, said his client
"has enormous respect and affection for Mr. Wilson" and
believes that he will be cleared of the charges. He also said
he believed the independent counsel, Arlin Adams, would find
that Mr. Pierce "did not profit directly or indirectly" at
HUD and didn't violate any federal laws.
   Mr. Wilson's lawyer, Raymond Banoun, said his client
"acted legally in all of his dealings with HUD," adding, "we
are confident that we will ultimately be vindicated in
court."