Business Brief:
   Varity Will Take $110 Million Charge
   To Cut Work Force and Sell Five Units
The reserve, equivalent to $4.40 a primary share, is in
addition to the operating loss of $10 million to $15 million
Wall Street expects for the period. In the fourth quarter
ended Jan. 31, Varity, as calculated by Canadian accounting
standards, earned $33.6 million, or 12 cents a primary share,
on sales of $880.6 million.
   In afternoon trading yesterday on the New York Stock
Exchange, Varity shares rose on the news. The stock was
quoted at $13.375, up $1.25. "This is a sign that the company
is finally getting serious about doing something, as opposed
to just losing money," said Tobias Levkovich, a Smith Barney
analyst. Most of Varity's losses, which totaled $62.7 million
through the first nine months of 1991, come from its
Massey-Ferguson Tractors unit.
   About $70 million of the charge is to write down assets
for sale, which the company expects will generate proceeds of
$125 million to $175 million. Varity said it won't sell
Massey-Ferguson, Perkins or Kelsey-Hayes; analysts believe
the company may seek to sell its industrial machinery,
hydraulic products and financial units.
   Proceeds will be used to retire debt, which reached 55% of
capital at the end of its third quarter. Varity also
estimated it will pay between $150 million and $275 million
for retiree benefits to comply with new accounting standards.
   Varity will devote $40 million of the charge to the job
eliminations, which will save $45 million annually after cuts
are made this year. Over half the cuts will come from
European operations.