What's News --
   Business and Finance
The securities industry's earnings soared in 1991 to an
estimated $5.8 billion to $5.9 billion, a record and higher
than even many bullish forecasts.
   ---
   A U.S. suit against GE alleging it helped fraudulently
divert U.S. defense funds to an Israeli general was expanded
by the Justice Department. Meanwhile, GE began disciplinary
action against 20 managers in the case.
   ---
   Federal Express scaled back its operations in Europe,
turning over local deliveries in many countries to
competitors. The company took a $254 million charge against
earnings, causing a $15.4 million quarterly loss.
   ---
   Keystone Group fired a junk-bond analyst amid a U.S. probe
of bond trading by the mutual fund company.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks sank Monday amid continuing Japanese economic
concerns. The Nikkei slid 618.90 points, or 3.03%, to
19837.16, a five-year low that is 49% below the index's 1989
high. The average fell further early Tuesday.
   ---
   Circle K agreed to be acquired by an international
investor group for $425 million in cash plus the assumption
of some liabilities. The deal would let the retailer leave
Chapter 11. But some bondholders protested the plan.
   ---
   Arthur Andersen agreed to pay up to $30 million to settle
claims by investors in Lincoln SL's parent that the
accounting firm doctored the thrift's loan records before a
federal exam.
   ---
   Nestle won a French court decision that boosted the food
giant's hopes of defeating Italy's Agnelli family in their
fight for control of Perrier.
   ---
   Gitano reported a wider-than-expected loss for the fourth
quarter. The apparel maker also said it isn't in compliance
with its bank accords.
   ---
   Paramount was ordered to pay writer Art Buchwald and his
partner $900,000, much less than they sought in their suit
over who came up with the idea for a hit Eddie Murphy film.
   ---
   Nike's profit climbed 17% in its latest period but the
sneaker maker said earnings for the current fiscal year would
fall short of expectations. Nike shares dropped $3.625 to
$70.50.
   ---
   WPP's earnings slid 39% last year, more than expected, and
the troubled advertising company held out little hope for
much recovery this year. WPP shares sank in London trading.
   ---
   The Supreme Court said it will consider overhauling the
rules governing when states may tax the income of companies
based in other states.
   ---
   The Fed has sharply increased its purchases of Treasury
debt since 1990, apparently to aid the economy. But some
economists fear greater inflation over the long term as a
result.
   ---
   NBC and grocery wholesaler Fleming agreed to join a TV
network showing programming and ads in supermarket checkout
lines, competing with a Turner Broadcasting venture.
   ---
   The SL bailout agency found that more than one-third of
632 failed thrifts had lost money trading in the
government-securities market.
   ---
   Construction executives and manufacturers expressed
optimism last month about their near-term economic prospects,
two surveys found.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 151,280,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3236.36, up 0.45; transportation 1395.74, off 5.04; utilities
204.06, up 0.76.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4126.99, up 2.38.
   Commodities: Oil $19.15 a barrel, off three cents. Dow
Jones futures index 122.40, up 0.13; spot index 117.70, off
0.41.
   Dollar: 133.84 yen, up 0.17; 1.6623 marks, off 0.0072.