Notable  Quotable
I have sweated in the hot sun teaching four children to
catch and hit a ball, to swing a tennis racket and shoot a
free throw. I have built blocks and played games I detest
with and for my children. I have watched countless basketball
games made up largely of bad passes, traveling violations,
and shots that missed both rim and backboard. I have sat
through years of piano recitals, band concerts, school
programs -- often on very busy nights or very hot, humid
evenings in late spring. I have stood in a steamy bathroom in
the middle of the night with the hot shower running, trying
to help a child with croup to breathe more easily. I have run
beside a bicycle, ready to catch a child who might fall while
learning to ride. (This is, by the way, very hard]) I have
spent hours finding perfectly decent (cheap) clothing in
stores, only to have these choices rejected as somehow not
exactly what we have in mind. I have used evenings to type in
final form long stories -- longer by far than necessary --
that my children have written in response to school
assignments. I have had to fight for the right to eat at
Burger King rather than McDonald's. Why should I not be a bit
of a burden to these children in my dying?