New Securities Issues
Philip Morris Cos. -- $350 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 15, 1999, was won in competitive bidding by Lehman
Brothers Inc. and was priced as 7 3/8% at 99.06 to yield
7.55%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 50
basis points above the comparable U.S. Treasury security. The
issue is rated single-A-2 by Moody's Investors Service Inc.
and single-A by Standard  Poor's Corp.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Intercapital Insured Municipal Trust -- Initial public
offering of 22 million common shares of beneficial interest
was priced at $15 a share through underwriters led by Dean
Witter Reynolds Inc. InterCapital said it has granted the
underwriters an option to purchase as many as 3.3 million
common shares to cover overallotments, if any. InterCapital
said its common shares have been approved for listing on the
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "IMT."
   A/S Eksportfinans -- Initial public offering of four
million U.S./Sterling currency warrants was priced at $6.25 a
warrant. The size of the issue was increased from an
originally planned three million warrants. The warrants,
maturing Feb. 18, 1994, can be exercised at a strike price of
$1.7460 to #1. That means the warrants will rise in value as
the dollar strengthens against the pound. The warrants are
considered attractive right now because many investors think
the dollar will strengthen vis a vis the British pound. These
are the first dollar/pound warrants to be listed on an
American exchange.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $450 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by Greenwich Capital Markets Inc. The offering,
Series Gold 1236, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8%
mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 8.7% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 14 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Prudential Securities
Inc. The offering, Series 205, is backed by Freddie Mac
non-Gold 9 1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 10.175% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 22.92 years. The issue settles
April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $75 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Kidder Peabody  Co. The
offering, Series Gold 1234, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 7%
seven-year balloon mortgage securities. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 7.7% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 6.75 years. The issue settles
April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500.1 million issue
Remic securities is being offered by Goldman, Sachs  Co. The
offering, Series Gold 1238, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
15-year 8% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 8.70% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 14.67 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Lehman Brothers. The
offering, Series Gold 1237, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8
1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 9.15% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 29.17 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $280.2 million issue
of Remic securities is being offered by Kidder Peabody. The
offering, Series Gold 1235, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 9%
mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 9.6% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 26.83 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Resolution Trust Co. -- $1.09 billion offering backed by
single-family adjustable-rate mortgages has been priced by
underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc. The offering, RTC
1992-3, consists of eight classes of securities. There are
$184.5 million monthly cost-of-funds index (COFI) A-1
securities, priced with an initial coupon of 7.895% at 101
15/32 to yield 7.116%; Class B-1 is a monthly COFI $20.5
million issue with an initial coupon of 7.845%, priced at 101
23/64 to yield 7.446%; $139.5 million semiannual COFI Class
A-2, with an initial coupon of 8.095% at 1001 31/64 to yield
7.217%; Class B-2 is a $15.5 million semiannual COFI issue
with an initial coupon of 7.895% at 101 23/64 to yield
7.494%; Class A-3 is $162.9 million annual COFI issue, with
an initial coupon of 8.095% at 101 31/64 to yield 7.225%; the
$18.1 million annual COFI Class B-3 has an initial coupon of
7.945%, priced at 1001 23/64 to yield 7.544%; $495 million
various indices Class A-4 securities with a 4.80% initial
coupon that float 55 basis points above one-month London
interbank offered rate, priced at 100. And there are $55
million various indices Class B-4 securities with a 5.12%
initial coupon that float 87 basis points above one-month
Libor, priced at 100.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Guaranteed Export Finance Corp. (U.K.) -- #350 million of
floating-rate notes due Jan.31, 1995, at an issue price of
par via UBS Phillips  Drew Ltd. Reoffered at 99.875, to give
a discounted margin of 20 basis points below the sixmonth
Libor assuming a constant rate of 10%. At par, the interest
rate floats at a spread of 1/4 point below six-month Libor.
Guaranteed by the U.K. government. Fees 0.275 point.
   ABB International Finance N.V. (Swiss parent) -- 150
billion lira of 11.65% Eurobonds due March 24, 1999, at an
issue price of 101.70 via Istituto San Paolo di Turino.
Keepwell agreement from Asea Brown Boveri. Fees 1 7/8.
   Landwirtschaftlische Rentenbank (Germany) -- 100 million
marks of reverse floating-rate notes due March 9, 2000, at
100 3/4 via Deutsche Genossenschaftsbank. First two years 10%
coupon; third to final year 14% less six-month Libor. Fees
1.45.
   Bariven S.A. (Venezuela) -- $1 billion medium-term note
issuing program via Chase Investment Bank Ltd. Initial offer
of a total $400 million of three-year and 10-year notes. $200
million of 8 1/4% notes due March 10, 1995, at an initial
fixed offer price of 99.804 to yield 8.33% (annual), a yield
spread of about 2.35 points above the comparable U.S.
Treasury bond yield. Fees 1 1/8. Also, $200 million of 10
5/8% notes due March 10, 2002, at an initial fixed offer
price of 99.917 to yield 10.64% (annual), a spread of 2.97
points above the comparable U.S. Treasury bond yield. Fees 1
5/8. Guaranteed by Petroleos de Venezuela.