International:
   Nissan Will Dismiss
   1,800 Workers When
   Australia Plant Closes
The move, which in one stroke eliminates Nissan's entire
auto production operation in Australia, is unprecedented for
a large Japanese car maker, which traditionally seek to avoid
layoffs.
   Nissan officials said the decision to close the Melbourne
plant was made after an extended study and for reasons
peculiar to political and economic conditions in Australia.
Nissan Executive Vice President Yoshikazu Hanawa said the
move shouldn't be taken as a sign that Nissan plans
retrenchment at other overseas production sites, and
dismissed reports that Nissan may scale back operations at
its manufacturing facility in Tennessee.
   Depressed auto sales in the U.S., Japan and Europe are
hurting all of Japan's auto companies. Nissan's woes are
unusually acute in Australia, which is suffering from its
worst recession since World War II. Nissan Australia, which
produced about 53,000 cars last year, has operated in the red
since 1987. Nissan officials expect another loss this fiscal
year. Nissan employs a total of 2,600 workers in Australia.
   Separately, representatives of about 50 U.S. auto parts
companies will meet with Nissan officials today in Tokyo, a
move described by the car maker as an "initial step" toward
increasing purchases of American products.