Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Advance 7.15 Points
   Ahead of `Triple Witching' Today
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 7.15 to 3261.40,
off its high for day but still slightly better than the
broader market. The Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index rose
0.65 to 409.80 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite
Index gained 0.31 to 226.25. The Dow Jones Equity Market
Index rose 0.56 to 386.94.
   Advancers beat decliners, 926 to 781. "The market was
really guided more by technical factors than fundamental
ones," said Eugene E. Peroni Jr., director of technical
research at Janney Montgomery Scott.
   David Butler, head of equity trading at Kemper Financial
Services, added that many investors steered clear of the
market ahead of the expirations.
   Nevertheless, volume rose to 197,240,000 shares from
Wednesday's 190,800,000 shares.
   Stocks started higher in the morning following a report
that initial claims for state unemployment insurance fell
27,000 in the week ended March 7, which was a bigger drop
than many economists expected.
   "The recent jobless claims numbers seem to indicate that
the recovery that began in February will continue in March
and April," said Hugh Johnson, chief investment strategist at
First Albany.
   A recovery in the Japanese stock market overnight also
helped the U.S. market. as the Nikkei Index bounced back
above the psychologically important 20000 level.
   Market watchers say stocks have reached the point in their
anticipation of the economic recovery where they must rely on
corporate earnings, not interest rates, to make further
gains.
   From early December through the first part of January
stocks were "liquidity driven," as investors poured money
into equities in response to the Federal Reserve's latest
discount rate cut.
   "Now, with cash reserves whittled down, we have already
entered into an earnings driven market that will be much more
discriminating," said Alfred E. Goldman, director of
technical research at A.G. Edwards. Interest rates,
meanwhile, have begun edging back up.
   With most first-quarter earnings reports not due until
late April, the market may face a period of vulnerability,
some analysts say. Many investors are turning cautious until
the earnings visibility is clearer. But Janney Montgomery's
Mr. Peroni said the skepticism is great enough to make a big
sell-off unlikely.
   The Dow Jones Transportation Index surged 19.06 points to
1420.78, driven by sharp gains in UAL and Federal Express.
   UAL rallied 2 7/8 to 151. The company spoke to Wall Street
analysts Wednesday in New York. Yesterday, a federal
bankruptcy court approved the lease of 16 TWA slots at
Chicago's O'Hare International Airport to UAL's United
Airlines.
   Federal Express recovered 2 1/4 to 51 1/2 after tumbling 6
points Wednesday. Burlington Industries topped the most
active list. The textile company, which was taken private in
a 1987 leveraged buy-out, went public again in a 44.9
million-share offering priced late Wednesday at $14 a share.
The stock ended unchanged at 14 on volume of more than six
million shares. Ford surged 1 1/8 to 40 1/8. The company said
it expects to report a profit in the first quarter, breaking
a five-quarter string of losses.
   Chrysler added 1/2 to 18 3/8 and General Motors rose 1/8
to 38 3/8. Auto stocks were helped by a report that domestic
car production is expected to be up about 1% this week from a
year ago.
   Transco Energy dropped 1 7/8 to 12. Concern over delays in
the company's restructuring plan has pressured the stock.
Transco's chief executive, John Desbarres, said low gas
prices and general weakness in the financial and credit
markets have slowed asset sales.
   The American depositary receipts of Cable  Wireless PLC
dropped 1 7/8 to 29 after the company said it expects to take
a #50 million ($86.4 million) restructuring charge. JHM
Mortgage Securities L.P. fell 7/8 to 8 3/4. The partnership
cut its quarterly distribution to 28 cents a unit from 34
cents. Harley-Davidson jumped 3 3/8 to 59 3/4. Morgan Stanley
initiated coverage of the stock with a "buy" rating.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.20
to 402.17. Volume was 23,299,000 shares compared with
28,230,000 Wednesday. There were 264 advancers and 284
decliners. Continental Airlines Holdings fell 3/8 to 1/4 on
volume of more than 6.8 million shares in the stock's final
day of trading. The American Stock Exchange delisted the
shares after the close at the request of the company. The
shares are worthless under the company's pending Chapter 11
reorganization plan.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   FORD MOTOR Co. hasn't made a prediction about
first-quarter profitability. Friday's Abreast of the Market
column incorrectly suggested that the company had done so.
   (WSJ March 23, 1992)