OTC Focus:
   Index Eases 0.77% in Slower Trading;
   Drop Is Tied to Interest-Rate Worries
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Traders said nervousness about the market's near-term
prospects after its quick year-to-date advance of 7% has
pushed some investors out of the OTC market. National Market
System volume totaled 138,500,000, down from 191,720,000 on
Friday.
   "There are a lot of things you can point to that can be
causes of concern" for Nasdaq investors, said Barry Berman,
head of equity trading at Robert W. Baird  Co. Chief among
them are worries about interest rates.
   Mr. Berman noted that long-term interest rates are higher
than they were in late December, before the Federal Reserve
Board last cut its benchmark discount rate. At that time,
though, the Nasdaq Composite Index was about 90 points below
its current level.
   Big Board shares, meanwhile, closed somewhat stronger. The
New York Stock Exchange Composite Index edged up 0.16, or
0.07%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 2.23, or
0.07%.
   James Solloway, director of research at Argus Research,
said he expects Nasdaq prices to remain weak in the short
term. "The small-stock market hasn't gone very far since the
middle of January. I think we still have a period of
consolidation ahead of us," he said.
   Robert W. Baird's Mr. Berman, though, said he expects OTC
stocks to rally once interest rates stabilize. "When we start
to get a rally in the bond market, I think the stock market
will follow. I think the next substantial move {in stocks} is
going to be on the upside," he said.
   American depositary receipts of Memorex Telex were the
most active issue, gaining 9/32 to 1 29/32 on volume of 5.7
million shares. The Dutch company's issue has been active
since it began trading last week following completion of a
bankruptcy reorganization under which equity was swapped for
its debt. Financier Carl Icahn controls 13% of the computer
data storage device company. He said that he may seek to
increase his holding.
   Apple Computer jumped 1 1/8 to 66 1/8 on active volume of
1.5 million shares. The Cupertino, Calif., company
demonstrated new technology that will allow its personal
computers to respond to commands spoken by people using
ordinary language, and without the use of special hardware.
Researchers have hailed the development as a milestone in the
advancement of computer technology.
   Zenith Laboratories jumped 3 5/8 to 23 3/4. The company
said a U.S. district court found that Zenith's Cefadroxil
drug doesn't infringe on a Bristol-Myers Squibb patent.
Cefadroxil, which hasn't yet received Food and Drug
Administration marketing approval, is a generic version of
Bristol-Myers' Duracef antibiotic.
   Intel dropped 2 3/8 to 65 3/8. This newspaper reported
that according to industry sources, Texas Instruments is in
talks to acquire the rights to manufacture microchips
designed by Chips  Technologies that mimic the functionality
of Intel products. Chips  Technologies shares eased 1/8 to
13 1/8. On the Big Board, Texas Instuments fell 5/8 to 38
5/8.
   Nordstrom gained 1 1/4 to 40. After the market closed, the
department store concern posted fourth-quarter net income of
50 cents a share, compared with 57 cents a share a year ago.
The mean estimate of analysts surveyed by First Call, a unit
of Thomson Financial Networks, was 53 cents a share for the
latest quarter.
   Possis Corp. lost 1 3/8 to 11 1/8. SciMed Life Systems
withdrew from a joint technology and manufacturing agreement
related to Possis' waterjet thrombectomy products, which are
to be used to remove blood clots from arteries and veins.
SciMed shares slid 1/4 to 73 3/4.
   Mercer International gained 15/16 to 6 7/8, while Essef
rose 1 1/2 to 13. Basil Regan, of Regan Partners, made
positive comments about the stocks in this week's Barron's
magazine. Mr. Regan specializes in selecting stocks of
companies he believes are poised for a turnaround.
   Burnup  Sims rose 1/4 to 5 1/8. The company agreed to
acquire a 9.9% stake in Dycom Industries, and said it will
proceed with its previously disclosed plan to merge with the
company. Dycom fell 5/8 to 10 in Big Board trading.
   Wheatley TXT climbed 1 to 11 5/8 after the company entered
a tentative agreement to buy the Multiflex International unit
of Edisto Resources. Edisto was unchanged at 1/2 in American
Stock Exchange trading.
   Tetra Technologies advanced 1/4 to 14 after it reported
fourth-quarter net income of 23 cents a share, up from 20
cents a share a year earlier. Revenue at the waste recycling
and treatment concern increased to $25.3 million from $16.7
million.
   International Mobile Machines gained 1 to 10 1/4. Its IMM
Trading Co. unit received $23 million in orders from
Indonesia for its digital radio telephone systems.
   Synercom Technology lost 1/2 to 1 5/8 after reporting a
loss of 11 cents a share for the first quarter, ended Jan.
31, against year-ago net from operations of three cents a
share. Revenue fell to $3.2 million from $3.8 million.