First Union Corp.
   Sues Margo Nursery
   Over a Loan Accord
A First Union spokesman said the bank holding company
doesn't comment on matters involving customers or litigation.
But Michael J. Spector, Margo's chairman, president and chief
executive officer, said the bank filed suit after the grower
said it wouldn't immediately be able to pay off nearly
$900,000 in a revolving line of credit.
   Margo had told the bank that its entire inventory was
damaged by the fungicide Benlate 50 FD, which is manufactured
by Du Pont Co., Wilmington, Del., Mr. Spector said.
   Benlate, which was one of the biggest-selling commercial
pesticides in the U.S., has lately been the target of a
rising chorus of complaints, as nursery growers charge it has
damaged their plants. The controversy was the subject of a
recent front-page story in The Wall Street Journal, which
noted that Du Pont has already paid out $120 million in
settlements with growers so far.
   Officials at Du Pont couldn't be reached for comment.
   Margo said that since August its management has devoted
most of its time to preparing a claim against Du Pont and
expects to enter into "serious negotiations" over the matter
early in 1992. But the company also said that if it can't
successfully resolve the claim against Du Pont, it may not
have enough money to repay First Union and then may have to
file for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the
U.S. Bankruptcy Code.