Lennar to Report Net
   Increased in 1st Period
   On Home-Order Rise
In an interview, Leonard Miller, chairman and president,
declined to provide specific earnings figures, which he said
are to be released by today.
   In the year-ago quarter, Lennar reported earnings of $5.2
million, or 52 cents a share, on revenue of $72.3 million.
For fiscal 1991, the builder and real estate company reported
net income of $21.1 million, or $2.10 a share, on revenue of
$325.7 million, compared with fiscal 1990 earnings of $13.7
million, or $1.36 a share, on revenue of $350.9 million.
   Mr. Miller said new-home sales have been running strong
since January in all of Lennar's subdivisions, which are
located in Florida, Texas and Arizona. And he said he expects
a continuation of the trend over the next several months.
   Mr. Miller attributed the strengthened sales to a
combination of lower interest rates and improving consumer
confidence. Although rates have edged up nearly a full
percentage point in recent weeks, Mr. Miller said they are
still considered low by buyers and that they "recognize this
is a good time to buy." Mr. Miller said he predicts rates
will subside later in the year, further stimulating demand.
   Mr. Miller said the housing market nationwide appears
strong enough now that 1992 will go down as "a housing year,"
with an increase in new-home sales of between 10% to 20% over
1991, when transactions were depressed by the Gulf War and
recession.