Business Brief:
   Southwest Air Posts
   4th-Quarter Profit
   After Loss in 1990
Revenue for the quarter jumped 16% to $350.9 million from
$301.6 million.
   Southwest attributed much of its fourth-quarter profit to
jet fuel prices, which dropped more than 15 cents a gallon
during the quarter. The carrier has the lowest labor and
operating costs in the airline industry, and it has started
flying many routes abandoned by cash-conserving rivals over
the past year.
   Southwest increased the number of passengers it carried in
1991 by 14%.
   For the full year, Southwest's net income fell 43% to
$26.9 million, or 63 cents a share, from $47 million, or
$1.10 a share, in 1990. Revenue rose to $1.31 billion from
$1.19 billion.
   Despite the decline in profit for the year, its results
are still far better than those being reported at other
carriers, and it was Southwest's 19th consecutive yearly
profit. Chairman Herbert D. Kelleher called the results for
the quarter and year "both rarities in this most difficult
economic environment for our industry."
   AMR Corp., Delta Air Lines Inc. and USAir Group Inc. have
all reported heavy 12-month losses, and on Thursday UAL Corp.
is expected to announce a record annual loss.
   Southwest, the nation's seventh largest carrier, provides
primarily short-haul, low-frills and low-fare service to 32
cities.