Reliance Group
   Mulls Selling Stake
   In Frank B. Hall
   ----
   By Mitchell Pacelle
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The filing added that Hall has retained an investment
banker, understood to be Bear Stearns  Co., to explore
alternatives, including a merger or acquisition by a third
party.
   Reliance Financial is a unit of Reliance Group Holdings
Inc., the investment and insurance company controlled by Saul
Steinberg.
   Hall has incurred losses in five of the last six years,
and its need for capital has caused Reliance to steadily
boost its investment from a relatively small stake in 1983.
In a 1991 filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Reliance said it's carrying its investment in Hall as $300
million.
   Walter Fitzgerald, an analyst with RAS Securities, New
York, estimated that the company could sell for 1.25 times
revenue, which was $462 million in 1991. Reliance, with an
85% stake and owing $88 million on its investment, could
realize $115 million on the sale before taxes, he estimated.
   A Reliance spokesman said Hall has always been viewed "as
an investment that will ultimately be sold." He said the
company has successfully completed a restructuring and could
be extremely attractive to a "strategic buyer looking to
enter the insurance brokerage industry or to expand in that
industry."
   In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Hall shares
closed at $4.625 a share, up 12.5 cents.
   Mr. Fitzgerald said that Reliance has been emphasizing
specialty risk coverage at its property-casualty unit, and
has decided to free up additional capital for that business.
   In 1991 Hall had a net loss of $25.6 million, or $1.24 a
share; a year earlier, net income was $4.2 million, or 50
cents a share.