Corrections  Amplifications
---
   D'ARCY MASIUS BENTON  BOWLES, an advertising and public
relations firm, had 1991 billings of $4.5 billion. Its
Medicus Intercon International unit had billings of $500
million. D'Arcy Masius's billings were incorrectly stated in
yesterday's editions.
   (See: "Who's News: D'Arcy Masius Benton  Bowles" -- WSJ
Jan. 9, 1992)
   ---
   SUMMARY TRADING RESULTS for 1991 for several issues listed
in the Year-End Review of Markets and Finance section were
misstated due to errors by the Associated Press. The net
change from 1990 for General Public Utilities Corp. and
Syntex Corp., both listed on the New York Stock Exchange,
failed to reflect stock splits paid in 1991. Syntex was up 18
5/8, or 62.9%, and GPU advanced 4 1/2, or 19.8%. Volume
totals for several issues traded on a "when-issued" basis at
year end were overstated, but the totals for the old shares
were correct. NYSE when-issued listings affected were AmSouth
Bancorp., Dominion Resources Inc., Empire District Electric
Co., Heilig-Meyers Co., Kimberly-Clark Corp., NBD Bancorp
Inc. and Universal Corp.; on the American Stock Exchange,
Landauer Inc. and U.S. Bioscience Inc. Results for one NYSE
bond, Wean Inc.'s 5 1/2% of '93n, were revised. Volume was
622,000; high 62 1/2; low 45; close 62 1/2.