Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Inch Up to New High,
   But Some Indexes Lose Ground
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
On the Big Board, 916 issues advanced, barely ahead of the
881 that fell. Volume jumped to 251,280,000 shares from
241,980,000 Monday.
   Stock investors are continuing to bet on an economic
recovery, buying economically sensitive cyclical stocks and
selling some of the more defensive growth stocks.
   Boeing gained 3/4 to 48 1/8, and Aluminum Co. of America
remained unchanged at 64 1/8. But among widely followed
growth stocks, Coca-Cola slipped 3/4 to 82 1/4, food producer
Kellogg lost 2 to 62 5/8, and retailer Wal-Mart lost 1/4 to
56 1/2.
   "People are very reluctant to buy in here" after the
market's stunning rally, said Kenneth Ducey, head of block
trading at B.T. Brokerage in New York. Some traders suggest
the market could be stuck in a trading range as investors
sift through the market to decide which stocks are still
worth buying.
   Investors' first concern appears to be how pricey many
stocks are after an 11day streak of gains. "If, in the last
four weeks, a stock has already given me a return which would
be satisfactory for six months, I'd be inclined to take it,"
said Robert Stovall, president of Stovall-Twenty First
Advisors Inc.
   Other investors seem to have had similar thoughts. Shares
of home builders, which had led the rally, fell: Kaufman 
Broad Home lost 1/4 to 18 3/8, Clayton Homes slipped 5/8 to
14 1/2, and PHM Corp dropped 3/4 to 22 1/4.
   Shares of auto makers fell in profit-taking, too. General
Motors sagged 1/2 to 33, Chrysler lost 1/2 to 13 1/8, and
Ford dropped 3/8 to 30 1/2.
   Transportation stocks, notably airlines, were among the
few sectors rising yesterday after Monday's strong advance.
Oil prices have been declining lately, and that means lower
fuel costs, especially if, as many analysts expect, the oil
market doesn't rebound soon. The Dow Jones Transportation
Average added 17.56 to 1383.03. AMR climbed 2 1/8 to 75, UAL
gained 2 5/8 to 151 5/8, and Delta Air Lines rose 1 to 72.
   Maxxam soared 6 3/4 to 38 1/8 after CNBC television
commentator Dan Dorfman highlighted bullish comments on the
aluminum, forest products and real estate conglomerate by
money manager Lance Lessman of LL Capital. The cable-TV
report aired shortly after noon EST. Maxxam should profit
from its 87% ownership of
   Kaiser Aluminum if aluminum prices rebound during an
economic revival, Mr. Lessman said. He added that the company
may be taking its Pacific Lumber unit public shortly. The
unit is a major producer of redwood lumber.
   Bear Stearns jumped 1 1/8 to 18 3/8 on volume of 1,811,000
shares, nearly four times its daily average. Yesterday's Wall
Street Journal mentioned positive comments about the
brokerage company in an article about expected record profits
for the securities industry.
   American depositary receipts of Glaxo Holdings rose 2 to
34 on 5.3 million shares, compared with a daily average of
2.9 million. A front page story in Investor's Business Daily
suggested the British pharmaceutical concern's research and
development program could make it, rather than Merck, the
market's bellwether drugmaker. Merck eased 1/2 to 166 3/4.
   Sbarro climbed 5 3/8 to 44 1/2 after Morgan Stanley
analyst Kurt Feuermann changed his recommendation on the
restaurant chain's stock to a "buy" from a "hold" and added
the issue to the Emerging Growth Focus list. Mr. Feuermann
was unavailable for comment.
   Gap lost 2 1/4 to 56 3/4. Traders said Goldman Sachs
crossed a 1.9 million-share block of the apparel retailer at
56 3/4 during morning trading, knocking the stock lower.
   Circuit City Stores gained 2 1/4 to 25 1/8 after a Goldman
Sachs analyst reiterated his "attractive" recommendation on
stock of the consumer electronics appliance retailer. The
analyst, David Bolotsky, said good December sales figures
bolstered his belief that the company wouldn't suffer in
industry price wars.
   Promus rose 2 to 25 1/2 in late trading after it said a
federal judge indicated he was prepared to dismiss some
claims against the company by a former partner in a
hotel-casino property in Atlantic City, N.J.
   Waste Management slipped 3/8 to 44 1/4. The company said
it filed a shelf registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission covering 12.5 million common shares
for issuance in future acquisitions. The shares won't be sold
to the public for cash, the company said.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Portfolio Index gained
2.44 to a record 401.71.