Chemical, J.P. Morgan, Barnett Post
   Generally Favorable 4th-Period Results
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
While J.P. Morgan  Co.'s 41% earnings gain was consistent
with Wall Street's expectations, profit from trading
activities slipped from the third quarter and the results
were bolstered by tax benefits, say analysts. Those factors,
coupled with profit-taking, sent shares of J.P. Morgan
tumbling $2.50 to $67.50.
   Barnett Banks Inc. posted earnings of $39.3 million,
turning around from a year-earlier loss that included a
pretax write-down of a security. Barnett slipped $1.125 to
$32.625.
   All in all, "there are more positives than negatives,"
said Richard Pike, vice president at Chancellor Capital
Management.
   The earnings were largely in line with expectations on
Wall Street, which was looking for an abatement in problem
loans and a boost from the recent runup in bond prices.
Analysts said the reports could bode well for banks yet to
post results.
                                                                                                       

   Chemical Banking
                                                                                                       

   Excluding a $625 million charge associated with the
merger, the $139 billion-asset bank earned $205 million, or
93 cents a share, in the fourth quarter. Analysts were
looking for 70 cents a share, excluding the charge.
   Chemical, now the nation's second largest bank, set aside
a $450 million provision for loan losses, compared with $488
million in the 1990 quarter. Because the bank also charged
off, or deducted from its portfolio, a host of bad loans, its
reserves for bad corporate loans grew by slightly more than
$100 million. That gives the bank an extra cushion against
nonperforming loans.
   Analysts were encouraged that, excluding developing-nation
loans, nonperforming assets were almost unchanged, after
rising 2.9% in the third quarter.
   "That offers comfort to investors, and it's obviously a
plus for the company," said Ted Paluszek, an analyst at
Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   Net interest income in the quarter rose 28% to $1.18
billion. The figure included $107 million in interest
payments received from Brazil that the bank is now
recognizing.
   On the cost side, its total head count was down 5.4% from
a year ago to 43,169. The new bank is hoping to cut $750
million in annual costs by 1995, a goal analysts say is
achievable. Noninterest expense was $1.16 billion, excluding
the merger-related charge. That's up slightly from the
year-earlier $1.13 billion, but down from $1.18 billion in
the third quarter.
   "The story going forward will be the ability to keep costs
under control," said Mr. Paluszek.
   Moody's Investors Service Inc. raised Chemical's credit
rating yesterday, citing the benefits from the merger and the
$1.25 billion in common the company will offer late this
month. The rating concern upgraded the senior debt to Baa-2
from Baa-3, which should marginally help borrowing costs.
                                                                                                       

   J.P. Morgan
                                                                                                       

   The New York company posted strong net interest margins
and solid trading profit compared with a year earlier, but
trading income of $245 million was down 37% from the third
quarter. Net interest income rose 45% from the 1990 quarter
and was up 29% in the full year. Analysts attributed the rise
to a favorable interest-rate environment and an increase in
earning assets on the bank's books.
   Total noninterest expense was up 14%, reflecting higher
compensation and the write-down of certain leases. But J.
Richard Fredericks of Montgomery Securities noted that
expenses were down 3.2% from the third quarter.
   The company has $1.06 billion in unrealized securities
gains on its books, up from $722 million in the third
quarter. That figure doesn't include the 25 million shares of
Hospital Corp. of America that J.P. Morgan holds. HCA is
deleveraging through a sale of common that should give J.P.
Morgan a paper profit of close to $500 million, Mr. Frederick
noted. The company's provision for credit losses was a mere
$10 million.
   "It was a great quarter instead of a stupendous quarter,"
said Mr. Fredericks.
                                                                                                       

   Barnett Banks
                                                                                                       

   Florida's largest bank company attributed higher net
interest income and moderation in noninterest expenses for
its turnaround. The year-earlier period's result would have
been about break-even, said a Barnett spokesman, but for a
$24 million pretax write-down of a security.
   Barnett's earnings also benefited from a lower provision
for loan losses in the fourth quarter, at $70.5 million,
compared with $114 million in the year-earlier quarter, and
$80 million in the 1991 third quarter.
   Nonetheless, Barnett's reserve for loan losses in 1991
grew to $448 million, or 1.91% of total loans, from $411
million, or 1.7% of loans, in the previous year.
   ---
                                                                                                       

                           1991             1990
                        in      per      in       per    %
                     millions  share   millions  share  chg.
                                                                                                       

                 FOURTH QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 Chemical Bank-a .... ($420)  ($2.49)   $3.0   ($0.16)  ...
 J.P. Morgan  Co....   269     1.35     191     0.98   + 41
 Barnett Banks-c ....    39.3   0.50     (23)   (0.37)  ...
                                                                                                       

                      1991 NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 Chemical Bank-a ....   154     0.11     440     1.84   - 65
 J.P. Morgan  Co.... 1,146     5.80   1,005b    5.21b  + 14
 Barnett Banks-c ....   123.8   1.71      67     1.06   + 85
                                                                                                       

   Figures in parentheses indicate a loss.
   a-Reflects the Dec. 31, 1991, merger of Chemical Banking
Corp. and Manufacturers Hanover Corp. and pro forma estimates
for 1990. b-Includes gain on early retirement of debt and the
cumulative effect of a change in method of accounting for
swaps. c-1990 figures include a pretax writedown of a
security.