Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Jump 32.42 in Late Rally
   After Smooth Treasury Note Sale
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Traders said stocks began moving higher after word spread
that the Treasury Department's auction of $13.75 billion of
two-year notes went well. Recent weakness in the bond market
had raised concern that the fresh supply of notes would
pressure bond yields higher. Treasury yields did climb
yesterday, but they backed off from their highs after results
of the auction were disclosed.
   Computer-guided buy programs helped shoot stocks to their
highs by the close. Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index rallied
5.49 to 418.13, the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index
gained 2.55 to 230.19 and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index
surged 5.36 to 393.62.
   Advancers beat decliners, 1,147 to 628, while Big Board
trading volume was 225,030,000 shares. Volume was 218,650,000
shares Tuesday.
   Several market players said investors in blue-chip stocks
were encouraged by the sharp gains among smaller stocks,
particularly in the over-the-counter market.
   While Nasdaq stocks normally follow the Big Board, the
reverse was true yesterday. The OTC broke a four-day losing
streak with a sharp rally from the start of trading, sending
the Nasdaq Composite Index up 2.61% by the close. In
comparison, the Dow Jones industrials were up 1.01%.
   "This is definitely a small-cap-led rally," said Dan
Goggin, senior vice president of equity derivatives at Kidder
Peabody. He added that some of the buying came as
institutional investors shifted money into equities from
fixed-income investments. "Tactical asset allocators have
been buying stock-index futures and selling fixed-income
futures," he said.
   Analysts said money continues to pour into stocks from
maturing certificates of deposits, low-yielding money market
funds and bonds.
   Steven Einhorn, chairman of Goldman Sachs' investment
policy committee, said individual investors still have
"buckets of cash" to invest.
   "Individuals have $3 trillion to $4 trillion in CDs and
money market funds, and some portion of that will migrate to
stocks," said Mr. Einhorn. That shift of funds is magnified
because the percentage of assets that individuals have
invested in stocks is still near its lowest level in 30
years, he said.
   Mr. Einhorn added that the environment favors further
market gains. "The market's fundamental underpinnings are
very strong," he said, noting that inflation is moderate, the
Federal Reserve is more likely to ease monetary policy than
tighten, and the economy is within months of its recovery.
   Many of the sectors that fell under pressure from
profit-taking in recent sessions rebounded yesterday. Drug
stocks, which were among the hardest hit in the profittaking,
surged. Merck gained 3 3/8 to 154 7/8, Pfizer added 2 to 75
7/8, and Johnson  Johnson rose 3 3/8 to 107 1/2.
   Technology stocks and bank stocks, both of which retreated
earlier this week, also made gains. International Business
Machines gained 2 3/4 to 95 5/8, Digital Equipment rose 1 1/4
to 53 5/8, and Hewlett-Packard added 1 to 59 3/4.
   Banks drew strength from Chemical Banking's successful 50
million share offering, which was priced at $27.25 a share
Tuesday. Chemical eased 1/4 to 27 5/8, the day's most active
issue with volume of 10.9 million shares. Citicorp rose 1/2
to 14 3/8, while Bankers Trust added 3/4 to 63 5/8, and Chase
Manhattan gained 5/8 to 21 1/2.
   Investors were finding other bargains among those stocks
hit by recent profittaking.
   Home Depot rallied 3 7/8 to 65 5/8. Smith Barney, Harris
Upham repeated a "buy" rating and raised its earnings
estimates. Home Depot had fallen from recent highs as
investors sold so-called growth stocks. Smith Barney said the
selling was overdone, adding that business is still strong
for the retailer of do-it-yourself home improvement products.
   Campbell Soup Co. rose 2 1/4 to 39. Goldman Sachs added
the stock to the firm's recommended list, citing the recent
drop in its share price.
   Delta Air Lines gained 2 3/8 to 74 1/4. Merrill Lynch
reiterated a "buy" rating.
   Chemical stocks and energy stocks were market laggards.
Monsanto reported disappointing fourth-quarter profit and the
stock fell 2 3/8 to 66 3/4. The company earned 53 cents a
share, up from 27 cents but below many analysts'
expectations.
   M.A. Hanna fell 1 to 24 5/8. The specialty chemical
concern reported fourth-quarter profit from continuing
operations of four cents a share, down from 30 cents.
   Dow Chemical fell 1 to 54 5/8. The company's joint venture
with Corning, Dow Corning, has downplayed the threat of
litigation stemming from the breast implant controversy.
Lawyers have placed advertisements in newspapers around the
country alerting potential plaintiffs. Corning was off 2 to
63.
   Energy stocks, which had a brief revival Tuesday, fell
back again. Chevron fell 1 5/8 to 68 1/2, Exxon dropped 1 3/8
to 59 1/2, and Texaco lost 1 1/8 to 62 1/4.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 2.55
to 413.18. Volume was 19,142,000 shares, up from Tuesday's
17,734,000 shares. There were 358 issues advancing and 243
declining.