Abreast of the Market:
   Stock Averages Set More Records
   Amid Massive Rotational Buying
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The rotation was clear among the 30 stocks of the Dow
Jones Industrial Average. Aluminum Co. of America jumped 4
5/8 to 67 1/8, International Paper added 2 5/8 to 72 1/4, and
Caterpillar surged 2 1/2 to 45 1/8. All three are classic
cyclical stocks. International Business Machines, a market
laggard, rose 3 to 95 3/8.
   Last year's favorites among the Dow Jones 30 got hit,
however. Consumer product stocks Philip Morris, Coca-Cola and
Procter  Gamble all fell sharply. Philip Morris was down 1
3/8 to 78 1/2, Coke was off 2 3/4 to 77, and Procter  Gamble
lost 1 5/8 to 95 1/4. Merck, the Dow Jones industrials' big
drug stock, fell 4 to 156 1/8.
   Peter Cardillo, director of research at Westfalia
Investments, said the rotation could continue for the next
couple of days.
   One dark cloud lingering on the horizon is the weak bond
market. Treasury issues, which fell Tuesday, slid about 3/8
point yesterday.
   But Mr. Cardillo said he doesn't worry about big losses
from here. While individual stocks may get hammered on
disappointing fourth-quarter earnings reports, he said, he
doesn't expect the market averages to pull back more than
about 3% to 5% from current levels.
   The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended with a 12.30-point
gain to 3258.50, yet another record. The transportation index
jumped 44.10 points to 1431.43, while the utilies index fell
1.25 to 214.07.
   Other market averages closed at highs. The Standard 
Poor's 500-Stock Index gained 0.33 to 420.77, the New York
Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0.28 to 231.85, and the
Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 0.84 to 396.64.
   Advancing stocks led declining stocks, 1,153 to 652.
Volume was 312,400,000 shares, up from 264,550,000 Tuesday.
Yesterday's trading was the heaviest since Dec. 20 and the
10th heaviest day in the market's history.
   Analysts said the market is being driven by portfolio
management, with market sectors moving because of decisions
based on the internal dynamics of the market, rather than
being driven by individual company news or major economic
events.
   Bank stocks roared ahead, with Citicorp advancing 2 1/8
points to 15 1/8, topping the most active list on volume of
12 million shares. Goldman Sachs put the long-maligned stock
on its recommended list late Tuesday.
   By contrast, J.P. Morgan, the darling of banking stocks,
tumbled 2 1/2 to 64 1/2. Investors may have singled J.P.
Morgan out for selling because it has far outperformed other
bank stocks but reported mildly disappointing earnings last
week.
   Other blue-chip banks made big gains.
   Chemical Banking rose 1 3/4 to 30 1/8, and Chase Manhattan
rose 1 3/8 to 21 3/4. Among West Coast banks, First
Interstate jumped 2 1/8 to 32 7/8, and BankAmerica rose 1 5/8
to 41 1/2.
   Airline stocks soared. Analysts said the group was
attracting stocks as another cyclical play, but they said the
airlines were good buys as well because of the current
industry consolidation.
   UAL jumped 4 3/4 to 156 3/4, Delta Air Lines surged 4 3/4
to 75 1/4, and AMR rose 2 3/8 to 74 1/4. AMR said its
fourth-quarter loss narrowed to $1.83 a share from $3.45 a
share a year earlier.
   While some market-watchers worry about high valuations,
arguing that share prices are too rich, based on a host of
measures, others said that corporate earnings gains will
justify the high prices.
   One analyst said he thinks cost-cutting has given
companies tremendous operating leverage that will translate
into fast-rising profits once revenues start to improve.
   Bank of Boston jumped 1 3/8 to 14 3/4.
   Shawmut said it ended talks with Bank of Boston about a
proposed merger of the two New England bank holding
companies.
   Bank of New York rallied 3 to 36 5/8. It reported
fourth-quarter profit of 80 cents a share, compared with 82
cents a share a year earlier. Nonperforming assets fell 14%
in the quarter.
   First Union jumped 2 1/2 to 33 1/4. It reported
fourth-quarter profit of 66 cents a share, up from 43 cents.
   Motorola rocketed 7 to 77 5/8. The company reported
fourth-quarter profit of 96 cents a share, up from 82 cents.
   Nike added 2 to 76 3/4. Shearson Lehman Brothers repeated
its buy rating on the stock.
   Nova Corp. of Alberta fell 1/2 to 6 3/8. The company said
it will sell 35 million common shares at 7.15 Canadian
dollars (US$6.21) each and use the proceeds to pay down debt.
   Birmingham Steel jumped 2 to 24 7/8. The company reported
fiscal second-quarter profit of 41 cents a share, up from 10
cents a share after a charge.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.67
to 414.30. Volume totaled 25,700,000 shares, compared with
28,036,000 Tuesday. There were 380 issues advancing and 272
declining.
   Vivigen lost 1 1/2 to 14 1/4 after it reported
fourth-quarter profit of seven cents a share, down from 17
cents.