Quarterly Review of Mutual Funds:
   Stock Funds Rack Up 35.58% Gain for 1991
   ----
   By Jonathan Clements
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"It's been an amazing year," says Kurt Brouwer, president
of Brouwer & Janachowski, a San Francisco investment adviser.
"I sure hope it continues."
   Coming into late December, stock funds appeared to be on
track for a good, but not great, year. Then came the Dec. 20
discount rate cut, prompting stock funds to jump 8.76% in the
final 11 days of 1991, according to Lipper Analytical
Services.
   The year's strong performance followed a miserable 1990,
when stock funds lagged behind bond funds and money market
funds, posting a loss of 6.27%, their poorest showing in 16
years.
   In 1991, by contrast, stock funds easily outpaced taxable
bond funds, which gained more than 17%, and taxable money
market funds, up 5.64%. Lipper's figures are total return
numbers, which reflect both share price changes and
reinvested dividends.
   Among diversified stock funds, the big winners for both
the fourth quarter and the year were small-company stock
funds. These funds, which got hammered for a 9.89% loss in
1990, bounced back 51.57% in 1991, including a 10.25% gain in
the fourth quarter.
   "Last year was mostly an anticipation of the recovery,"
contends John Ballen, manager of the $190 million MFS
Lifetime Emerging Growth Trust, a small-stock fund that
soared 87.62% last year. "The next major move we'll get is
when people think we're close to the recovery."
   A. Michael Lipper thinks small-company stock funds could
keep doing well. "If the market continues up, one of the
leading groups is likely to be small companies," says Mr.
Lipper, president of Lipper Analytical, a Summit, N.J., fund
research company.
   While it was a fabulous 12 months for small-stock funds,
especially those that invest in companies with rapid earnings
growth, it was a more lackluster year for funds that buy
so-called value stocks, which tend to be cheap based on
assets or current earnings.
   "We've had a very good absolute year, even in value funds,
though not very good relative returns," notes Nick Whitridge,
manager of the Babson Value Fund, which was up 28.93% last
year. "Because value stocks have done so poorly relative to
growth stocks, the relative valuations have got very wide.
Sooner or later, the pendulum will swing the other way."
   Mr. Whitridge reckons that, over the next year, "there's a
reasonable prospect for a modest narrowing of the gap" in the
performance of value funds and growth funds.
   Like value funds, funds that buy foreign stocks are also
in the middle of a prolonged dry spell. In 1991,
international stock funds gained just 12.32%, compared with
35.58% for the average stock fund.
   If international funds don't outpace U.S. stock funds in
1992, "I'll eat my hat," says Richard Foulkes, manager of
Vanguard World-International Growth. "The U.S. market seems
to have discounted a lot more of the economic recovery in
1992 than other world markets, so it seems a pretty good bet
that other markets will outperform the U.S. market."
   Among funds that specialize in the stocks of a single
industry sector, the top performers for both the fourth
quarter and the year were health-care specialty funds. Other
top sector funds in the fourth quarter included science and
technology funds, up 12.66%, and funds specializing in
financial services stocks, which gained 10.47%.
   Cheryl Alexander, manager of Putnam Health Sciences Trust,
suspects that there will be a modest economic recovery in
1992. As a result, she thinks health-care stocks should keep
pace with the stock market averages this year.
   Ms. Alexander believes "the only question that you can
fret about is whether the recovery is so strong" that
companies with consistent earnings growth, such as healthcare
companies, go out of favor and cyclical companies come to the
fore. "That's my concern," she says.
   Gold funds, which have been miserable performers for much
of the past decade, lost an additional 4.54% in 1991. Of the
25 poorest-performing funds for 1991, 19 were funds
specializing in either gold or silver.
   Among shareholders of precious metals funds, few have had
it rougher than the owners of Strategic Gold/Minerals Fund,
Strategic Investments Fund and Strategic Silver Fund. These
funds, which rank as three of the four worst-performing
mutual funds for the past five years, had losses of between
14% and 28% in 1991. Strategic Gold/Minerals even garnered
the dubious honor of being the poorest-performer for both the
past quarter and the past year.
   But Strategic's shareholders have had more than just
performance to worry about. In late 1991, the funds' longtime
investment adviser, Strategic Management, was accused by the
Securities and Exchange Commission of issuing a misleading
proxy statement. Without admitting or denying any wrongdoing,
Strategic Management's owners agreed in December that they
won't violate federal securities laws in the future.
   The funds' independent directors, meanwhile, have hired
Lexington Management Corp. of Saddle Brook, N.J., as the new
investment adviser for the funds. "It should be an easy
enough record to improve," says Lexington Managing Director
Lawrence Kantor.
   ---
                    Markets by the Slice
                                                                                                       

                                            TOTAL RETURN
   FUND                                 FOURTH   12/31/1990-
   CATEGORY                             QUARTER  12/31/1991
                                                                                                       

 Health/Biotechnology ..............     16.43%      74.32%
 Science and Technology ............     12.66       45.40
 Financial Services ................     10.47       60.64
 Small Company Growth ..............     10.25       51.57
 Capital Appreciation ..............      9.01       38.82
 Growth ............................      8.79       35.99
 Real Estate .......................      7.35       33.12
 Utility ...........................      7.16       21.40
 Growth and Income .................      7.15       28.91
 Equity Income .....................      5.88       26.59
 Global ............................      4.24       19.54
 Option Income .....................      4.01       20.25
 Gold ..............................      2.30      - 4.54
 International .....................      1.55       12.32
 European Region ...................      0.55        5.55
 Pacific Region ....................      0.36       14.05
 Environmental .....................    - 1.49        8.33
 Natural Resources .................    - 2.85        3.73
 Average General Equity Fund .......      8.30       35.58
 Standard & Poor's 500 (with dividends) + 8.38      +30.40
                                                                                                       

   Source: Lipper Analytical Services Inc.