What's News --
   Business and Finance
Law firm Kaye Scholer agreed to pay $41 million to settle
charges that it aided violations by its client Lincoln SL.
An ex-managing partner agreed not to work for banks or
thrifts. The pact came after a move by regulators to freeze
the firm's assets seemed to threaten its viability.
                                                                                                       

   SL cleanup officials sued Deloitte  Touche and Peat
Marwick, accusing the accounting firms of negligent work for
thrifts that failed. The suits seek a total of $250 million.
   ---
   Bush aides are preparing a plan to encourage companies to
buy old cars and junk them, in a bid to boost new-car sales
and get the worst-polluting autos off the road. But the
companies would get marketable permits to increase other
types of pollution.
   ---
   The thrift cleanup agency is backing, despite the FDIC's
opposition, a $1.3 billion settlement of suits filed by it
and others against Milken and other former Drexel employees.
The SL agency's stance makes it more likely the pact will be
approved.
   ---
   Thorn EMI agreed to buy Virgin Music for $961 million,
cementing Thorn's place as one of the world's four leading
record companies. But some analysts said Thorn overpaid.
   ---
   Puget Sound Bancorp received several takeover offers,
including one said to exceed $700 million in stock from
KeyCorp, based in Albany, N.Y.
   ---
   Freddie Mac plans to issue at least $500 million in
preferred shares, enabling it to keep for its own portfolio
more of the home mortgages it buys. The company is splitting
its stock 3-for-1 and boosting its dividend 14%. Freddie Mac
shares rose $7.25 to $120.
   ---
   Canada is unfairly subsidizing its exports of softwood
lumber, the U.S. concluded in a preliminary ruling that could
result in import duties.
   ---
   Stocks slid despite an encouraging increase in jobs. The
Dow Jones industrials fell 19.90 points to 3221.60. Bond
prices, meanwhile, advanced.
   ---
   Dow Corning has $250 million in insurance to cover legal
costs stemming from claims that its silicone gel breast
implants are unsafe.
   ---
   Major League Baseball arranged for a $300 million credit
line on which team owners will be able to draw.
   ---
   The winning bidder to buy a majority of Banco Somex from
Mexico's government withdrew its $848 million offer,
forfeiting a $17 million deposit.
   ---
   U.S. chip makers plan to accuse their Japanese rivals of
illegally selling products in the U.S. below cost. But the
complaint could detract from the U.S. industry's push for
more access to markets in Japan and Europe.
   ---
   Apple intends to sharply increase the power of its
Macintosh personal-computer system in an effort that could
reduce the importance of Apple's software venture with IBM.
   ---
   The head of Porsche's struggling U.S. operations quit,
citing differences over the unit's direction.
   ---
   A U.S. appeals court withdrew its ruling limiting the
ability of developers to retain their property after getting
bankruptcy court protection.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 185,040,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3221.60, off 19.90; transportation 1413.12, off 24.85;
utilities 202.55, off 0.82.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4182.52, up 14.72.
   Commodities: Oil $18.51 a barrel, off four cents. Dow
Jones futures index 122.56, up 0.17; spot index 117.84, off
0.15.
   Dollar: 131.85 yen, off 0.05; 1.6675 marks, off 0.0045.