Bell Companies
   Post Results
   For the Year
   ----
   By Mary Lu Carnevale
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Nynex
                                                                                                       

   The weak Northeast economy and last year's sale of Nynex
Business Centers led to a 5.8% drop in revenue for the
quarter, to $3.24 billion from $3.44 billion the year
earlier, and a 2.6% drop for 1991 to $13.23 billion from
$13.58 billion in 1990.
   The number of customer phone lines rose only slightly, by
1.2%, to 15,455,000 at the end of 1991. In the same period,
the number of cellular subscribers jumped nearly 19% to
307,500. Revenue from the cellular business rose 5% in the
quarter to $84.1 million, and 4.4% in the year to $324.1
million. Operating profit, however, fell 19% to $48.5
million, reflecting lower average customer usage and higher
operating expenses.
   "While we are not anticipating much help from the economy
in 1992," said William C. Ferguson, chairman and chief
executive, "we will benefit from our aggressive
cost-reduction initiatives and continuing investments to
upgrade the telecommunications infrastructure in the
Northeast."
   Nynex had about 83,900 employees as of Jan. 1, down nearly
11% from a year ago. In November, the company said it plans
to cut its management ranks by another 3,400 by the end of
1993.
                                                                                                       

   Southwestern Bell
                                                                                                       

   Southwestern Bell, based in St. Louis, said results for
the latest quarter included a $30 million charge for work
force reductions, while the year-earlier period included a
similar $45 million charge. Revenue edged up to $2.5 billion
from $2.4 billion. The company said that earnings growth was
driven primarily by strong performances in its cellular and
yellow pages units and cost-cutting efforts.
   For the year, Southwestern Bell's results included a
one-time charge of $81 million for refinancing long-term
debt. Over the year, the number of customer phone lines rose
2.4% to 12.4 million, while the number of cellular
subscribers climbed 44% to 960,000.
                                                                                                       

   BellSouth
                                                                                                       

   BellSouth, based in Atlanta, said its 1990 fourth quarter
included a one-time charge of $65 million, or 13 cents a
share, from the sale its U.S. computer and data processing
equipment portfolio, the write-down of good will and
divestiture of an overseas cellular resale operation, and an
early retirement program.
   Revenue grew 1.2% to $3.69 billion from $3.65 billion.
   For the year, results included charges for an early
retirement program and an accounting change in the
corporation's cellular operations. "We made a number of tough
decisions in 1991 that should have a positive impact in the
highly competitive marketplace of the future," said John
Clendenin, chairman and chief executive.
   BellSouth's revenue for the year inched up to $14.4
billion from $14.3 billion in 1990.
   Telephone lines in service throughout the BellSouth
territory grew 3.2% to 553,000 during 1991, while the number
of cellular customers rose 49% to 985,808 customers.
                                                                                                       

   SNET
                                                                                                       

   Separately, Southern New England Telecommunications Corp.,
an independent local telephone company based in New Haven,
Conn., said it was hurt by the deep recession in the
Northeast. The latest quarter included a $2.2 million charge
for refinancing debt. Revenue rose to $409.8 million from
$406.1 million.
   Walter H. Monteith Jr., chairman and chief executive, said
the recession "is affecting all our businesses dramatically
in terms of lower growth and higher uncollectible accounts."
More than 1,000 employees have accepted incentive programs to
leave the company, he noted, adding, "We need these cost
savings to offset future pressures from the continuing weak
economy, wage and benefit inflation, and competition."
   ---
                           1991              1990
                        in       per      in      per    %
                     millions   share  millions  share  chg.
                                                                                                       

                 FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 BellSouth ........   $386.9    $0.80  $360.2a  $0.75a   8.0
 Nynex ............   -251.3b   -1.24b   60.7c   0.30c   ...
 Southwestern .....    316.2d    1.05d  267.5e   0.89e  18.2
 SNET .............     31.4     0.51    35.7    0.59  -12.0
                                                                                                       

                      YEAR NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 BellSouth ........  $1471.5g   $3.04 $1631.5h  $3.38  - 9.8
 Nynex ............    600.8i    2.98i  949.4j   4.78j -36.7
 Southwestern .....   1075.8k    3.58k 1101.4l   3.67l - 2.3
 SNET .............    123.7m    2.02   126.6n   2.08  - 2.3
                                                                                                       

   a. Includes charge of $65 million, or 13 cents a share,
from the sale of U.S. computer and data processing equipment
portfolio, the write-down of goodwill and sale of an overseas
cellular resale operation, and an early retirement program.
   b. Includes charges of $550 million for force reduction
programs and business restructuring. c. Includes charge of
$211 million for business restructuring. d. Includes charge
of $30 million, or 10 cents a share, for work force
reductions. e. Includes charge of $45 million, or 15 cents a
share, for work force reductions. f. Includes $2.2 million
charge on refinancing of telephone company debt securities.
g. BellSouth 1991 Year-end net of $1,471.5 millon includes a
charge of $104 million, or 21 cents a share, for costs of an
early retirement program and an accounting change for its
cellular operations. h. BellSouth 1990 year-end net of
$1,631.5 million includes charge of $65 million, or 13 cents
a share, from the sale of U.S. computer and data processing
equipment portfolio, the write-down of goodwill and sale of
an overseas cellular resale operation, and an early
retirement program. i. Includes charges of $550 million for
workforce reduction programs and business restructuring. j.
Includes fourth quarter charge of $211 million for business
restructuring, and a $48 million charge from the first half
of 1990 for a management early retirement plan. k. Includes
charges of $30 million, or 10 cents a share, for work force
reductions and $80.7 million for early extinguishment of
debt. l. Includes charge of $45 million, or 15 cents, for
work force reductions. m. Includes $2.2 million charge on
refinancing of telephone company debt securities. n. Includes
$5.5 million charge on refinancing of telephone company debt
securities.