Coltec Plans
   Initial Offering
   To Cut Its Debt
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The recapitalization plan -- including the stock offering,
$450 million in planned note offerings and $569 million in
bank borrowings -- would raise more than $1.5 billion. The
funds would be used to redeem about $355 million of
outstanding 12.5% debentures, repay $264 million in bank
debt, and fund an estimated $788 million tender offer for
outstanding 14.75% debt.
   The recapitalization plan, if it had occured Sept. 29,
would have reduced total long-term debt to $1.31 billion from
$1.63 billion, the filing said. Since 1987, the company has
repaid over $738 million of longterm debt.
   The plan, however, will be costly. Coltec said that it
will have extraordinary charges totaling $110 million, net of
income-tax benefits of $13 million, from the debenture
redemption, purchase of other debentures at a premium and
other steps. The charges will be taken in the quarters in
which the securities are redeemed or purchased.
   Coltec's earnings have been sluggish in recent years. Net
income for the nine months ended Sept. 29 fell sharply to
$6.7 million from $48 million a year earlier.
   Morgan Stanley, Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities
Corp., First Boston Corp. and Merrill Lynch  Co. will
co-manage the offering.
   Morgan Stanley and related entities acquired the company
in 1988 for about $660 million. Morgan Stanley has collected
at least $58 million in fees from the company in recent
years, acting as financial adviser and underwriter for a 1986
recapitalization and the 1988 acquisition.
   Coltec, formerly Colt Industries Inc., traces its business
back to 1911. The company, with 11,700 employees, operates 66
plants in 22 states and several foreign countries. In 1990,
it sold its well-known Colt Firearms division.
   Its aerospace/government unit, which had $582 million of
sales in 1990, makes landing gear, fuel controls and other
components for aircraft, and produces high-horsepower engines
for naval ships and electric power plants. The automotive
segment, with $436 million in sales, makes fuel-injection
system assemblies, transmission controls and other original
equipment and replacement parts. The industrial segment, $470
million in sales, makes seals, gaskets, packing products,
bearings, hightech spray nozzels and transformers.