Pilgrim Prime Rate
   Plans Tender Offer
   For 9% of Shares
   ----
   By Jonathan Clements
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"We followed closely the price at which the fund was
trading and felt we had to take action at this price," says
Tony De Angelis, a marketing vice president with Los
Angeles's Pilgrim Group, which manages the fund.
   The fund, which invests in bank loans made to heavily
indebted companies, closed Friday at $8.75 a share, 12% below
the fund's $9.99-a-share portfolio value.
   The tender offer, which was announced after the market
closed, is for 7.5 million of the fund's 87.5 million shares.
Shares accepted under the tender offer will be cashed out at
the fund's full portfolio value.
   "It's a nice effort on {Pilgrim's} behalf to placate
shareholder sentiment," says Jeffrey W. Maillet, manager of
Van Kampen Merritt Prime Rate Income Trust, one of the fund
industry's five prime rate funds. "It's probably the last
thing everybody expected. It'll definitely raise the share
price Monday morning."
   Ron Olin, a fund specialist with Houston's Deep Discount
Advisors, says Pilgrim's shareholders should make full use of
the tender offer. "If I were an existing shareholder, I would
tender everything immediately, as much as I could," he says.
   Pilgrim's initial decision to list its shares had stunned
the fund industry. Shareholders didn't get a chance to vote
on the decision, nor were they given the opportunity to sell
their shares prior to the fund's Big Board debut.
   Following Pilgrim's listing of the shares, competitors
such as Van Kampen and Eaton Vance Corp. put out statements
saying that they had no intention of following Pilgrim's
lead. Instead, these fund groups said they would stick with a
system of quarterly tender offers allowing investors to sell
shares at the full portfolio value.