Letters to the Editor:
   At EPA, We Avoid
   Penny-Wise Regulation
Some of our recent actions:
   -- A toxics trading system in the Early Reductions Program
that enables businesses to average emissions of different
toxicities.
   -- A flexible approach to improving visibility at the
Grand Canyon that will reduce compliance costs by $80 million
annually.
   -- A bringing together of the oil industry,
environmentalists and state officials into negotiation for a
flexible, reformulated gasoline rule that, by allowing
refiners latitude to average their reductions, cuts costs
$700 million a year. This plan was endorsed by the American
Petroleum Institute, the Natural Resources Defense Council,
the Sierra Club, the Motor Vehicle Manufacturers Association,
and state and local environmental officials.
   -- Drafting of the Acid Rain Trading Program prompted the
Chicago Board of Trade to announce that it will establish a
market for acid-rain allowances -- an impressive endorsement
of our market-based regulation.
   You inappropriately cite increases in the EPA's own budget
as evidence of increasing regulatory burdens. Much of this
increase goes toward implementing the Clean Air Act, and
particularly those market and incentive features that will
greatly lower costs to industry. Indeed, if we had abandoned
these innovations and stayed with the simpler
"command-and-control" regulations as in the past, we could
have saved a few million dollars in EPA salaries, while
costing industry billions more with rigid,
"command-and-control" regulations. You of all publications
should understand the penny-wise and pound-foolishness of
such an approach.
   William G. Rosenberg
   Assistant Administrator for Air and Radiation
   Environmental Protection Agency
   Washington