Letters to the Editor:
   The Clintons Asked for It
They chose us knowing full well -- because I told them --
that the tough questions they wanted to deal with would be
asked so Gov. Clinton could say from here on out that he had
said everything he was going to say on the subject during his
appearance on "60 Minutes."
   "Why," you ask, "is it the business of some jerk on `60
Minutes' to pry into the Clintons' personal affairs?" Why?
Because the Clintons invited him to -- which makes "the jerk"
in question a more admirable "jerk" than the one who wrote
that nonsense in The Wall Street Journal.
   Arthur, maybe if someone had given JFK a chance to answer
the kind of questions Gov. Clinton willingly allowed himself
to be asked the other night, he might have -- if he had
handled himself as well as the Clintons did -- put to rest
some of the smears and innuendoes that to this day dog his
memory. Maybe the men around Kennedy were not as smart as the
ones around Gov. Clinton.
   Don Hewitt
   Executive Producer
   "60 Minutes"
   CBS News
   New York
   ---
   Don Hewitt, the producer of "60 Minutes," informs me that
Gov. and Mrs. Clinton sought out the "60 Minutes" program and
invited the interrogator to ask the toughest possible
questions. Had I known this, I would have stated it in my
article; and I appreciate that Mr. Hewitt thinks he was
rendering a public service in giving Gov. Clinton a chance to
lay the charges at rest. I am sure his motives were entirely
honorable. But whoever's idea the program was, I believe that
"60 Minutes" made a grave mistake in giving the Star's
adultery kick a patina of respectability, and I find the
style of interrogation employed on the program wholly
deplorable.
   Arthur Schlesinger Jr.
   New York