Money Rates
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a
guide to general levels but don't always represent actual
transactions.
                                                                                                       

   PRIME RATE: 6 1/2%. The base rate on corporate loans
posted by at least 75% of the nation's 30 largest banks.
                                                                                                       

   FEDERAL FUNDS: 3 7/8% high, 3% low, 3 1/4% near closing
bid, 3 1/2% offered. Reserves traded among commercial banks
for overnight use in amounts of $1 million or more. Source:
Babcock Fulton Prebon (U.S.A.) Inc.
                                                                                                       

   DISCOUNT RATE: 3.50%. The charge on loans to depository
institutions by the Federal Reserve Banks.
                                                                                                       

   CALL MONEY: 6%. The charge on loans to brokers on stock
exchange collateral.
                                                                                                       

   COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Electric
Capital Corp.: 4% 30 to 179 days; 3.85% 180 to 189 days;
4.03% 190 to 270 days. Commercial Paper placed directly by
General Motors Acceptance Corp.: 4.05% 30 to 59 days; 4.10%
60 to 270 days.
                                                                                                       

   COMMERCIAL PAPER: High-grade unsecured notes sold through
dealers by major corporations in multiples of $1,000: 4.09%
30 days; 4.09% 60 days; 4.09% 90 days.
                                                                                                       

   CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT: 3.59% one month; 3.63% two
months; 3.65% three months; 3.68% six months; 3.92% one year.
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary
new issues of negotiable C.D.s, usually on amounts of $1
million and more. The minimum unit is $100,000. Typical rates
in the secondary market: 4.05% one month; 4.07% three months;
4.13% six months.
                                                                                                       

   BANKERS ACCEPTANCES: 3.94% 30 days; 3.93% 60 days; 3.93%
90 days; 3.93% 120 days; 3.93% 150 days; 3.93% 180 days.
Negotiable, bank-backed business credit instruments typically
financing an import order.

   LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS: 4 3/16% - 4 1/16% one month; 4
3/16% - 4 1/16% two months; 4 3/16% - 4 1/16% three months; 4
3/16% - 4 1/16% four months; 4 1/4% - 4 1/8% five months; 4
1/4% - 4 1/8% six months.
                                                                                                       

   LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES (LIBOR): 4 1/8% one month;
4 3/16% three months; 4 1/4% six months; 4 5/8% one year. The
average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the
London market based on quotations at five major banks.
Effective rate for contracts entered into two days from date
appearing at top of this column.
                                                                                                       

   FOREIGN PRIME RATES: Canada 7.50%; Germany 11%; Japan
5.88%; Switzerland 9.38%; Britain 10.50%. These rate
indications aren't directly comparable; lending practices
vary widely by location.
                                                                                                       

   TREASURY BILLS: Results of the Monday, February 3, 1992,
auction of short-term U.S. government bills, sold at a
discount from face value in units of $10,000 to $1 million:
3.86% 13 weeks; 3.93% 26 weeks.
                                                                                                       

   FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. (Freddie Mac): Posted
yields on 30-year mortgage commitments. Delivery within 30
days 8.57%, 60 days 8.66%, standard conventional fixed-rate
mortgages; 5.25%, 2% rate capped one-year adjustable-rate
mortgages. Source: Telerate Systems Inc.
                                                                                                       

   FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION (Fannie Mae): Posted
yields on 30-year mortgage commitments (priced at par) for
delivery within 30 days 8.54%, 60 days 8.62%, standard
conventional fixed-rate mortgages; 5.50%, 6/2 rate capped
one-year adjustable-rate mortgages. Source: Telerate Systems
Inc.
                                                                                                       

   MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST: 4.09%. Annualized
average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days;
not a forecast of future returns.