Peugeot's Calvet Says
   Boost in Productivity
   May Lead to Layoffs
Asked how the planned gradual end to European Community
quotas on Japanese car sales would affect him, he said
Peugeot would have to boost productivity even faster. Over
the past five years, he said, Peugeot has boosted
productivity 50%, a gain of more than 8% a year. This year,
he said, his target is a 12% boost. Given the soft auto
market, he said, he may have to settle for 10%, but said even
that could produce labor strife.
   "I was able to achieve 8% annual gains over the past five
years without major job cuts," he said. "But I worry that to
attain 10% a year we will have to reduce employment, which
could lead to labor problems."
   He again lambasted the French government, in particular
President Francois Mitterrand, for allowing the EC to
negotiate gradual free entry for Japanese cars when, he said,
Japan still engages in unfair trading.
   Asked about Peugeot's decision to pull out of the U.S.
market, Mr. Calvet said his company had been competing in the
high-priced import niche at a time when U.S. and Japanese
makers were fighting for that segment. He said European
competitors in that segment all are having trouble, in part
due to the dollar's weak value, but said that at some
unspecified time Peugeot will return to the U.S. market.