Mutual Funds:
   Bond Mutual Fund Feast Left Few Hungry in 1991
   ----
   By Jonathan Clements
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The average taxable bond fund soared 18.17% in 1991,
including a 4.74% fourth-quarter gain, as the bond market
feasted on declining interest rates.
   But bond fund managers warn that 1991's spectacular
performance is unlikely to be repeated in 1992.
   Paul Suckow, director of fixed-income at Oppenheimer
Management Corp., notes that "1991 was a good year all the
way across the board for bond fund investors. Investors
shouldn't expect those sorts of returns in 1992. It's not
that I think it's going to be a bad year. Investors should
look for long-term government and long-term municipal bond
fund returns of high single digits -- 7%, 8%, 9% returns."
   Zero-coupon bond funds led the pack over the past three
months, returning 6.65%, according to figures from Lipper
Analytical Services. Zero-coupon funds, which buy
non-interest paying bonds that trade at a discount to a fixed
value that's paid when the bonds mature, are especially
sensitive to interest-rate changes.
   Interest rates dropped sharply in the fourth quarter, with
the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond yield finishing the year
at 7.39%, down from 7.80% at the end of September. That drop
helped to produce 5%-plus quarterly returns for funds that
buy U.S. government bonds and better quality corporates.
   But only part of that return came from the dividends
kicked off by these funds. Lipper Analytical's performance
figures are so-called total return numbers, which means they
reflect both the dividends paid by a fund and any change in a
fund's share price.
   For investors in many corporate and government bond funds,
share price increases accounted for roughly half of their
total return in 1991, figures A. Michael Lipper, president of
Lipper Analytical, a Summit, N.J., fund research firm. These
share price gains occurred because the older, higher-yielding
bonds owned by mutual funds increased in value as interest
rates dropped.
   In 1992, bond fund managers reckon that investors aren't
likely to enjoy much in the way of share price appreciation.
Instead, most of their gains will come from the dividends
paid by their bond funds.
   "I think it's going to be a quiet year," says Ian
MacKinnon, head of fixed-income at Vanguard Group. "Investors
ought to develop realistic expectations, of less than a
double-digit return. We should be happy if we earn the
coupon," as bond interest payments are sometimes known.
   Global bond funds notched up gains of 6.06% in the fourth
quarter, as a falling dollar made foreign bonds more valuable
for U.S. holders. But in the full year, global bond funds
didn't do quite as well as many domestic bond fund
categories.
   Edward Taber, director of taxable fixed income at T. Rowe
Price Associates, thinks foreign bond funds may be a good bet
for 1992. For starters, he suspects that the dollar will
languish, thus removing any threat that a rebounding
greenback will slash the value of foreign bonds for U.S.
investors.
   In addition, notes Mr. Taber, "foreign bond yields are, in
many cases, much higher than U.S. yields. We feel we're
approaching a collection of rate peaks in many of the foreign
bond markets, which will be followed by rate declines, which
in turn will lead to rising bond prices."
   In 1991, the top-performing bond funds were high-yielding
junk-bond funds, which gained 36.36%, and convertible bond
funds, up 29.73%. Both types of funds got creamed in 1990,
with junk-bond funds tumbling 11.08% and convertible bond
funds falling 7.59%.
   But in 1991, these funds snapped back, as investors
anticipated an end to the recession. In addition, convertible
bonds -- which are largely issued by smaller companies --
were buoyed by last year's dazzling small-stock rally.
   William Veronda, manager of Financial Bond Shares-High
Yield, thinks junk-bond funds should have a moderately good
year in 1992. "We should get an improvement in the economy,
which should slow the avalanche of defaults," says Mr.
Veronda. "I think you should be able to hold on to your
coupon, plus perhaps getting some increase in bond prices."
   Mr. Lipper notes that it's often worth putting your money
in the prior year's poorest-performing mutual funds. That
certainly worked in 1991, when convertible and junk-bond
funds bounced back.
   Mr. Lipper notes that, based on 1991's performance,
"there's one very horrid conclusion under that sort of
analysis-money market funds." These funds were 1991's worst
performers, with gains of under 6%. For 1992, money market
funds "would be the contrarian bet," says Mr. Lipper.
   ---
                    Bond Fund Barometer
                                                                                                       

                                         TOTAL RETURN
                                   ________________________
                                    FOURTH            12
 FUND CATEGORY                      QUARTER         MONTHS
                                                                                                       

 Zero-Coupon Bonds                   6.65%          17.67%
 Global Bond                         6.06           14.11
 Convertible Bonds                   5.95           29.73
 Corporate Bond-A Rated              5.29           16.85
 Corporate Bond-BBB Rated            5.27           16.85
 Intermediate U.S. Gov't             5.08           14.50
 U.S. Government                     5.06           14.47
 Intemediate Taxable                 4.94           15.23
 High Current Yield                  4.87           36.36
 GNMA Funds                          4.77           14.59
 Flexible Income                     4.60           19.83
 Short-Term Taxable                  3.72           11.90
 Short-Term U.S. Gov't               3.63           11.60
 General Municipals                  3.36           11.91
 Insured Municipals                  3.27           11.39
 Intermediate Municipals             3.03           10.42
 High-Yield Municipals               2.91           11.47
 Short-Term Global                   2.55            7.37
 Short-Term Municipals               2.36            8.15
 Adjustable Rate Mortgage            2.01            8.09
 Institutional Money Market          1.28            5.99
 Inst. Gov't Money Market            1.24            5.78
 Money Market Funds                  1.20            5.67
 Government Money Market             1.17            5.51
 Tax-Exempt Money Funds              0.97            4.16
                                                                                                       

 AVERAGE TAXABLE BOND FUND           4.74%          18.17%
                                                                                                       

   Source: Lipper Analytical Services Inc.
   ---
         How the Biggest Taxable Bond Funds Fared
                                                                                                       

   Percentage gains for periods ended Dec. 31; assets as of
Sept. 30
                                                                                                       

    ASSETS        4TH       TWELVE       FIVE       TEN
 (in billions)  QUARTER     MONTHS       YEARS      YEARS
                                                                                                       

 Franklin Cust:US Govt
   $12.4          3.8%      13.7%        59.7%      249.1%
                                                                                                       

 Dean Witter US Govt
    11.1          3.7       11.4         49.0       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Sh-Tm Glbl B
     5.6          0.9        6.3         N.A.       N.A.
                                                                                                       


     5.4          6.4       17.3         60.1       257.7
                                                                                                       

 Kemper Govt Portfolio
     5.1          6.7       17.0         48.5       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Putnam High Income Govt
     5.0          1.8        9.2         38.5       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Vanguard Fxd:GNMA Port
     4.6          5.4       16.8         64.3       264.3
                                                                                                       

 Amer Cap Government
     3.8          5.3       16.3         52.9       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Alliance Sh-Tm Mu-Mk B
     3.6          0.8        8.8         N.A.       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 VanKamp Merr US Govt
     3.4          4.9       15.8         57.7       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 AARP Inc Tr:GNMA  Treas
     3.3          4.6       14.4         53.1       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Franklin Inv:Adj US Govt
     3.0          1.5        8.7         N.A.       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 MFS Lifetime Govt Inc
     2.9          4.1       11.8         33.6       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Prudential Govt Plus B
     2.9          5.2       14.3         47.3       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Bond Fund of America
     2.6          5.4       21.0         55.4       269.9
                                                                                                       

 Putnam US Govt Income
     2.5          3.6       11.9         56.0       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 GE SS Prgrm:Lg-Tm Intst
     2.4          5.3       16.0         57.2       287.0
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Federal Sec A
     2.2          3.7       13.8         57.6       N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Lord Abbett US Govt
     2.1          5.8       17.0         58.5       256.7
                                                                                                       

 Prudential Hi Yld B
     2.1          3.9       33.7         35.7       207.0
                                                                                                       

 AVERAGE TAXABLE BOND FUND
                  4.7%      18.2         48.1%      226.6%
                                                                                                       

   N.A.= Not Available
   Source: Lipper Analytical Services