What's News --
   Business and Finance
Swiss food giant Nestle and France's Banque Indosuez
launched a hostile bid for Perrier that values it at $2.39
billion and challenges Italy's Agnelli family for control of
the French mineral-water company. The offer could be the
first of many take over efforts in the fragmented European
food and beverage industry.
   ---
   Textron agreed to buy business-jet maker Cessna from
General Dynamics for $600 million, outbidding Raytheon,
Dassault and Forstmann Little. The purchase further reduces
Textron's reliance on defense contracts.
   ---
   Burlington Industries plans to go public by selling $855
million in stock in the textile company, nearly five years
after it was taken private in a buy-out led by Morgan
Stanley. The bullish stock market is leading to many such
offerings by companies that took on heavy debt in the 1980s.
   ---
   Stock prices retreated in active trading while the dollar
moved lower. The Dow Jones industrials dropped 10.95 points
to close at 3254.03. Over-the-counter issues fell more
sharply.
   ---
   NationsBank posted a $244 million fourth-quarter loss,
reflecting a large loan-loss provision and charges linked to
the merger of CS/Sovran and NCNB that formed the company.
                                                                                                       

   NationsBank sold a package of distressed real estate loans
for $108 million in one of the largest such sales by a bank
in the past year.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks tumbled Monday to a 15-month low. The Nikkei
fell 407.55 points to 20913.82, for its seventh drop in this
year's 10 sessions. The index partly rebounded early Tuesday.
   ---
   Japanese officials said they made no commitment during
Bush's Tokyo trip to buy U.S. cars and auto parts. They said
import levels announced during the talks are merely targets.
   ---
   Salomon has promised its stock-research group that its
1992 year-end bonuses will total 20% to 25% more than the
year-end 1991 bonuses. The unusual move is an attempt to stem
a wave of defections by stock analysts.
   ---
   RJR intends to sell a fatter version of its Camel filter
cigarettes in a fur ther effort to lure young men away from
Philip Morris's Marlboro brand.
   ---
   Oil prices dropped despite confirmation of more token
output cuts by OPEC members. Futures fell be tween 10 cents
and 31 cents a barrel.
   ---
   Prudential Securities, Dean Witter Reynolds and Legg Mason
had record profits in the latest quarter, reflecting more
trading by small investors.
   ---
   London and Frankfurt stocks climbed. Britain's FT-SE 100
index rose 8.2 points to 2544.9. Germany's DAX index gained
6.18 to 1677.17.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 180,870,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3254.03, off 10.95; transportation 1411.43, off 10.47;
utilities 212.26, up 0.44.
   Bonds: Index unavailable because of Martin Luther King Jr.
Day.
   Commodities: Oil $18.89 a barrel, off 27 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.64, up 0.03; spot index 114.77, off 0.77.
   Dollar: 123.39 yen, off 1.06; 1.5902 marks, off 0.0028.