Sundstrand Earnings
   Rose 45% in Quarter,
   Reflecting Cost Cuts
The latest quarter was helped by a gain of five cents a
share related to work force reduction, and a per-share gain
of eight cents from a joint venture partner's $3 million
reimbursement. The 1990 period included earnings from
discontinued operations of two cents a share, as well as a
per-share charge of eight cents for the sale of the company's
Signitron unit. Even without the items, said analyst Steven
Colbert of Prudential Securities, Sundstrand's earnings were
a "positive surprise."
   A Sundstrand spokesman said the fourth quarter is
typically the firm's strongest, and that it expects 1992
quarterly results to be "relatively flat."
   In the latest quarter, Sundstrand reaped the benefits of
more than a year of costcutting measures. About 1,000
employees were dropped 1991 through reduction and attrition.
Sundstrand currently has about 13,000 employees.
   The company is following its strategy of shedding "poor
performing" operations, and acquiring higher-margin
businesses, the spokesman said. In the 1990 fourth quarter,
Sundstrand sold its lower-margin Signitron and Heat Transfer
businesses. In January 1991, it bought Milton Roy Co., a St.
Petersburg, Fla., maker of instrumentation and control
equipment. Milton Roy has had a "positive impact" on
earnings, the spokesman said.
   Such restructuring moves have helped boost aerospace
margins, Sundstrand said. Margins at the company's cyclical
industrial operations, meanwhile, continued to suffer in the
weak economy.