Abreast of the Market:
   Dow Industrials Sink 24.59 on News
   Of Sagging Consumer Confidence
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The report was chilling to some investors who have made
big bets in recent weeks that economic recovery is on track.
The idea is that consumers who lack confidence in the economy
won't spend enough to help fuel a recovery.
   The Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered much its early
loss, ending down 24.59 points at 3257.83. On the New York
Stock Exchange, 1,082 issues fell while 644 advanced. Volume
totaled 208,400,000 shares vs. 177,470,000 Monday. Standard 
Poor's 500-stock index fell 1.82 to 410.45, and the Big Board
composite index dropped 0.94 to 226.68.
   For the past two months, investors have been buying shares
of those companies whose profitability rises and falls with
the economy. Those bets were based on a growing optimism that
economic recovery has begun -- or is about to. But some
investors called off those bets yesterday and switched back
to growth and consumer staple stocks whose earnings are less
affected by the economy.
   Among the 30 stocks in the Dow Jones industrials, Philip
Morris added 3/8 to 75 5/8, Coca-Cola rose 1/8 to 79 5/8 and
Merck gained 3 to 152 1/2. As expected, Merck declared a
3-for-1 stock split and raised its dividend 10%.
   Cyclical stocks such as Goodyear Tire  Rubber,
International Paper, and Aluminum Co. of America all fell.
   Jim Neel, portfolio strategist at Kemper Financial
Services and manager of Kemper's Blue Chip Fund, said
investors who have bought cyclical stocks probably placed
their bets too soon. While he doesn't expect a significant
unwinding of those positions that have been built in cyclical
stocks over the past two months, he does expect those stocks
to underperform the market for a while.
   "The longer it takes to get a meaningful recovery, the
longer it will take for the cyclicals to work out," he said.
   Many cyclical stocks have reached levels that aren't
justified by the modest economic recovery anticipated by some
market watchers. For example, over the past 10 years
International Paper has traded with an average price-earnings
ratio 25% below the overall market. But even after losing 1
1/4 to 75 1/4 yesterday, International Paper's P-E is now
nearly equal to that of the SP 500.
   "We believe there will be a recovery, but we don't believe
it is going to be that strong," said Kemper's Mr. Neel.
   Phil Roth, chief technical analyst at Dean Witter
Reynolds, said investors will probably soon switch their
attention to the implications that the continuing economic
slump will have on interest rates.
   Bonds rallied on the drop in consumer confidence-though
they tempered their gains in the afternoon.
   Among the cyclical stocks hit were shares of auto makers.
Mid-Feburary car sales, reported yesterday, eased slightly
from the month before. General Motors fell 1 1/4 to 36 1/2.
On Monday, GM announced the largest annual loss ever recorded
by a U.S. company. Chrysler, whose vice chairman resigned
yesterday, dropped 1/2 to 16 3/8. The vice chairman, Robert
S. Miller, will join a Wall Street investment bank. Ford
Motor tumbled 1 1/4 to 35 5/8. The company's Canadian unit
said it won't declare dividends in 1992 and posted a
fourthquarter loss.
   Steelmaker Nucor sank 3 3/8 to 95 1/8 after posting 1991
profit of $3 a share, down from $3.50 a share a year earlier.
   Drug stocks rallied. Bristol-Myers Squibb added 1 5/8 to
80 1/2 and Schering Plough gained 1 3/8 to 58 7/8. SmithKline
Beecham rose 1/8 to 81 1/8. The company said 1991 pretax
profit rose 16.5%. It also proposed a 2-for-1 stock split.
   Discount retailers fared well. Consolidated Stores, which
sells close-out merchandise, rallied 1 1/4 to 14 3/4. It
reported fourth-quarter profit of 37 cents a share, up from
15 cents a year earlier.  Waban jumped 2 3/8 to 23 3/8. The
cash-and-carry warehouse-club retailer posted fourth-quarter
profit of 33 cents a share, up from 12 cents a share a year
ago. Advanced Micro Devices rose 1/8 to 19 1/4. Late Monday,
an arbitrator awarded it clear title to all technologies
embodied in its clone of Intel's 386 microprocessor. Unicare
Financial added 3/8 to 10 3/4. The company, which provides
workers compensation insurance, said it plans to buy back an
additional 500,000 shares, after having completed a recent
400,000-share buyback.