Abreast of the Market:
   Stock Prices End Little Changed
   As Traders Await Data Tomorrow
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The end of the week will be marked by the first-quarter
expirations of stock-index futures and options, as well as
the monthly expirations on individual stocks.
   Traders said stocks were helped by expectations that the
quarterly event will send share prices higher.
   "I think the market would have been down otherwise," said
Edward Shopkorn, managing director of equity services at
Mabon Securities. He noted that there was little else to buoy
stocks, while nervousness in overseas markets has sapped
investor interest here. Tokyo continues to weaken amid
technical selling at the fiscal year end there.
   The Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index lost 0.43 to 409.15,
the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index edged down 0.07
to 225.94, and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index eased 0.43
to 386.38.
   Volume was 190,800,000 shares, up from 187,240,000 shares
Tuesday.
   Jack Solomon, technical analyst at Bear Stearns, said the
market may have passed the danger period during which a
sharper drop was possible.
   "If the Dow Jones industrials don't break down below 3200
in the next week and a half, then the rotational correction
has done the trick again," he said. Mr. Solomon added he
would then expect the market to start rallying, sending the
industrial average surging above and beyond the 3300 level.
   For much of this year the market has crisscrossed a narrow
band while investors sold stocks with high earnings growth
rates and bought those whose earnings are likely to recover
along with the recovery. While many stocks have fallen
sharply, the buying has kept market averages from registering
much of a retreat.
   Pollution control stocks came under pressure as investors
reacted to a debacle with Chambers Development that cost some
investors dearly. Late Tuesday, Chambers lowered its 1991
earnings to three cents a share from the 83 cents it had
reported. The stock plunged in third market trading Tuesday
night and continued its free fall yesterday. The Class A
shares, listed on the American Stock Exchange, ended with a
loss of 18 to 11 1/4 -- a 66% drop. Volume was more than 16
million shares.
   Analysts were busy assuring investors that other companies
in the industry aren't likely to suffer similar problems.
Chambers had apparently been deferring certain expenses in
past years to report strong earnings gains. But some damage
was done to other stocks in the group nonetheless.
   Waste Management topped the Big Board's most active list
with a loss of 2 1/4 to 40 1/2 on volume of nearly five
million shares. Rollins Environmental eased 3/8 to 13 and
Browning-Ferris Industries fell 3/8 to 22 1/2. Mid-American
Waste lost 2 5/8 to 20 1/8.
   Second on the most active list, Blockbuster Entertainment
fell 1/4 to 13 1/2 after trading as high as 14 3/8 during the
day. Kemper Securities initiated coverage of the stock with
"an aggressive buy" rating.
   Computer Sciences lost 3 1/4 to 71 3/4. Yesterday's Heard
On The Street column drew attention to an Environmental
Protection Agency probe of pricing practices on contracts
with company, its largest contractor.
   Lennar Corp. surged 2 3/4 to 26 7/8. The home builder said
orders for new homes increased more than 60% in the first
quarter ended Feb. 29.
   Fisher Scientific added 1 5/8 to 23 1/2. The company sold
6.5 million shares in an offering priced Tuesday at $21.875
apiece.
   Federal Express tumbled 6 to 49 1/4. Moody's is reviewing
the company for a possible ratings downgrade of its debt.
   Great Atlantic  Pacific Tea Co., which operates the AP
supermarket chain, rallied 3 1/4 to 33. The company reported
fourth-quarter profit of 42 cents a share, down from 83 cents
a year ago. The company gave an upbeat outlook, however,
saying that pressures on its profit margins lessened in the
quarter.
   Amre Inc. eased 1/4 to 9 1/4. Tuesday, the company
reported profit for the two months ended Dec. 31 of 17 cents
a share, down from 23 cents a year ago. The firm is reporting
odd periods because of a change in its fiscal year end.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 4.67
to 400.97. Volume was 28,230,000 shares, up from Tuesday's
14,675,000 shares. There were 283 issues advancing and 262
declining.