QVC Network
   To Post Flat Net
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Suein L. Hwang
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Once one of dozens of small television shopping program
start-ups, QVC has grown rapidly through waves of
consolidations to become one of the few dominant players left
in the industry. The company increased its distribution in
1991 to 42 million cable homes, up four million from the year
before. On an average week, QVC processes over 500,000
transactions.
   The company in late February announced discussions with
Home Shopping Network Inc., its main competitor, about a
possible "business combination." QVC Chairman Joseph M. Segel
declined to comment on the status of the talks, noting only
that regulatory concerns weren't "enough of a problem to
preclude discussions." He added, "Whatever happens or doesn't
happen, we see a pretty bright future to our way of doing
business."
   Mr. Segel said in an interview that QVC expects to report
fourth-quarter net income of $9 million, or 25 cents a share,
up from almost $9 million, or 30 cents a share, a year
earlier. Per-share results reflect an average 36 million
shares outstanding compared with 30 million shares in 1990.
Revenue will be up 13% to about $281 million from $250
million a year ago.
   Mr. Segel said fourth-quarter earnings were hurt by a
$868,000 extraordinary charge of financing costs for
prepaying $80 million of a senior term loan in 1991. The
loan, originally financed at $340 million, had $156 million
outstanding at a floating rate of 10% to 12% as of the end of
1991. Earnings were also affected by a $14.2 million income
tax provision; the year-earlier quarter had no tax provisions
because of losses QVC incurred during the year.
   Despite the flat earnings, company officials hasten to
point out that gross profit -- the difference between revenue
and the cost of sales -- jumped 25% to $118 million for the
quarter while gross profit margins increased to 42% from 38%
in 1990. Mr. Segel credits lower interest costs and expanded
distribution.
   The gains in pre-tax profitability reflect QVC's
continuing shift away from such items as electronics and
toward such higher-margin products as apparel and jewelry.
Since over 70% of QVC's customers are women, the company is
adding products to its inventory such as a $29.90 imitation
gem sweatshirt set and the $89.85 Victoria Principal skin
care system.
   Some analysts worry that over the long term, QVC may
experience slower growth as its niche market reaches a
saturation point. But Mr. Segel shows little inclination to
fiddle with QVC's tried-and-true formula in the near future.
"We're nowhere near saturation as far as we're concerned --
reaching 100% of cable homes is quite distant in the future,"
he said, adding that the average dollar amount bought by each
repeat customer has continued to increase.
   For the full year, QVC expects to report earnings of $19.6
million, or 61 cents a share, in contrast to a net loss of
$17 million, or 98 cents a share, a year earlier. The latest
results will include $2.1 million in financing cost
write-offs and a $31.2 million income-tax provision. Revenue
is expected to have increased 19% to $921.8 million from $776
million.