Cominco, Teck to Help
   Finance Development
   Of Aur Resources Site
The agreement relieves Aur of the need to raise
traditional bank financing for the project. Ronald Gagel,
Aur's treasurer, said the company, a small exploration outfit
based in Toronto, doesn't have sufficient assets to secure a
large bank loan.
   Aur currently owns 55% of the Louvicourt deposit. The
other 45% is owned by Louvem Mines Inc., a 52%-owned
subsidiary of Noranda Inc., a natural resources concern based
in Toronto. The companies will share the development costs.
   Under the agreement with Cominco and Teck, Aur's stake in
the project will drop to 30%. Despite this, Aur will be the
operator of the mine, an unusual achievement for a small
company that obtains financial backing from a large mining
concern.
   Cominco and Teck agreed to give Aur C$15 million. They
also will pay Aur's C$55 million share of the first C$100
million in development costs. The two mining concerns, based
in Vancouver, British Columbia, also agreed to arrange debt
financing on Aur's behalf for the balance of the project
costs.
   Cominco and Teck, which own a combined 21% of Aur's
shares, also will gain representation on Aur's board.
However, the companies extended an agreement to support Aur's
current management until 1996. That agreement was due to run
out this year.