Economy:
   Economy Is Hit
   By January Loss
   Of 91,000 Jobs
   ---
   Manufacturing, Retailing
   Are the Major Victims
   Of Latest Reductions
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The unemployment rate, perhaps the single most visible
economic statistic, was unchanged in January at 7.1% of the
civilian work force.
   One analyst said she would have been more encouraged had
the unemployment rate gone up. "It would have meant that more
people were at least encouraged enough about the economy that
they were out looking for a job," said Audrey Freedman, labor
economist for the Conference Board in New York. The
unemployment rate excludes people who aren't looking for
work.
   The job losses last month rippled through most sectors.
"Very few industries showed noteworthy strength," said
William Barron Jr., deputy commissioner of labor statistics
at the Labor Department.
   Manufacturers shed 52,000 jobs. The retail trade dropped
51,000, even though weak holiday hiring had already left
retail employment depressed. The wholesale trade sector lost
14,000 jobs.
   Also disturbing was a 39,000 decline in business service
jobs. In an economic recovery, as business starts picking up,
companies tend to contract work out to business service
concerns before hiring new workers themselves. The business
service drop may mean that the economic tide hadn't yet
turned in January despite the Federal Reserve's efforts to
boost activity by lowering interest rates.
   Late last year, the Labor Department said preliminary
tallies of state unemployment-insurance data suggested that
the recession was worse than earlier government reports had
indicated.
   On Friday, Mr. Barron said further review confirmed that
suspicion. "Current information would suggest that the
payroll employment total for March 1991 will be revised down
by nearly 650,000 when we issue our revisions," he said.
Previously, based on a sample of employers, the bureau said
that about one million jobs were lost between April 1990 and
March 1991. The revisions, based on more complete state
records, are expected to show that about 1.7 million jobs
were lost over that period.
   Mr. Barron said estimates of the month-to-month change in
employment over the past 10 months won't be significantly
affected by the revisions, which will be made in June. The
Commerce Department already has revised its measures of the
1991 economy to reflect the anticipated changes in the
employment data, officials there said. The unemployment rate,
which is calculated from a separate survey of households,
won't be affected.
   The January report showed that Americans who were still
picking up paychecks were working a shorter week and earning
less per hour. The average length of time a person has been
unemployed rose in January, as did the number of people who
were working part time because they couldn't find full-time
jobs.
   Bush administration officials tried to put the numbers in
the best light. At a House Budget Committee hearing Friday,
White House chief economist Michael Boskin said, "While we
would obviously prefer the economy to be in much better
shape, prefer unemployment to be much lower as soon as
possible, it is also clear that it is unlikely that there
will be an instant turnaround in the economy in the next
month or two." He predicted that "it will take some time as
we head further into the year before these indicators start
to pick up and to improve."
   Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady pointed to Goodyear Tire
 Rubber Co.'s recent move to recall 300 laid-off workers so
it can step up production, and he suggested that other parts
of the economy would also naturally gain steam as products
age and need to be replaced. "Obviously," he said, "America's
tires are getting bald." Overall, though, Goodyear has
reduced its work force by about 10,000 since March 1990.
   In another report, the Federal Reserve said consumer
credit outstanding tumbled 2.8% in December, continuing an
almost obsessive drive by consumers to reduce debt built up
in the 1980s. All major types of installment credit except
mobile homes posted declines in December. Automobile loans
fell the most, dropping 3.1%. For all of 1991, consumer
credit fell 1%, the first yearly decline since 1958.
   All figures are adjusted for normal seasonal variations.
   ---
   Rick Wartzman contributed to this article.
   ---
                      CONSUMER CREDIT
                                                                                                       

   Here are the seasonally adjusted totals of consumer
installment credit outstanding for December, in billions, and
percentage changes from November:
                                                                                                       

   Total .............................  $728.43    - 2.8%
   Automobile ........................   267.43    - 3.1
   Revolving .........................   234.46    - 1.1
   Mobile home .......................    19.11      3.1
   Other .............................   207.42    - 5.0
   ---
                        EMPLOYMENT
                                                                                                       

   Here are excerpts from the Labor Department's employment
report. The figures are seasonally adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                                      January      December
                                        1992         1991
                                      (millions of persons)
                                                                                                       

   Civilian labor force .............  126.0        125.6
     Civilian employment ............  117.1        116.7
     Unemployment ...................    8.9          8.9
                                                                                                       

   Payroll employment ...............  108.8        108.8
                                                                                                       

   Unemployment:                    (percent of labor force)
                                                                                                       

   All civilian workers .............    7.1          7.1
     Adult men ......................    6.9          6.6
     Adult women ....................    5.9          6.1
     Teen-agers .....................   18.3         19.3
     White ..........................    6.2          6.3
     Black ..........................   13.7         12.7
     Black teen-agers ...............   34.9         36.0
     Hispanic .......................   11.3          9.7
                                                                                                       

   Average weekly hours:                  (hours of work)
                                                                                                       

   Total private nonfarm ............   34.3         34.5
     Manufacturing ..................   40.8         41.1
     Factory overtime ...............    3.6          3.8