World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Rally, but Possible Political Moves
   To Prop Up Bourse Leave Analysts Skeptical
   ----
   By Masayoshi Kanabayashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In trading on Monday, the Nikkei edged up 21.44 points to
close the morning session at 22044.49.
   Friday's first-section volume was estimated at 330 million
shares, improving from 259.4 million shares Thursday and
marking the first time since Dec. 13 that turnover exceeded
300 million shares. Gainers outpaced losers, 942-83, and 102
issues were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which gained 13.62 points Thursday,
rose 32.59 points, or 2.04%, to 1630.94.
   The Nikkei surged as much as 785.55 points in the early
afternoon Friday, following reports that Japan's ruling
Liberal Democratic Party was considering measures to prop up
the bearish market.
   Tamisuke Watanuki, secretary-general of the Liberal
Democrats, told LDP officials at a meeting Friday morning
that the party must compile a package of measures as soon as
possible to revitalize the stock market. He said that if the
current bearish situation continued, it would hurt Japan's
economy.
   Mr. Watanuki fell short of specifying possible steps, but
analysts said his general remarks considerably lessened
investor concern about the possibility of a plunge in the
Nikkei below the 20000 level.
   Nevertheless, the suggestion of support measures was "a
kind of lip service" because of a lack of specifics, said
Toshihiko Yoshimi, an independent stock analyst. Finance
Ministry and Bank of Japan officials have said they were
watching the stock market closely.
   Mr. Yoshimi predicted that the Nikkei will trade between
21000 and 23000 for a while because "nothing has changed."
The market still "hasn't found something solid to boost
share prices" beyond 23000.
   Shinichi Yoshida, an analyst at Kokusai Securities Co.,
agreed, saying that once the market gets closer to 23000,
this probably will induce a sell-off. "Everyone is now poised
{on the sidelines} to sell," he said.
   A fund manager at a major life insurance company, who
attributed Friday's sharp rise mainly to buying by foreign
investors to cover their short positions, also noted that the
market still didn't have the energy to overcome possible
selling from fund managers of so-called tokkin and mutual
funds, and fund trusts.
   The Tokyo market has been faltering since the middle of
last month, but this was largely attributed to persistent
concern among investors about managers of those funds trying
to clear their books before the new fiscal year begins April
1.
   London shares firmed on rate-cut hopes. The Financial
Times-Stock Exchange 100share index rose 20.4 points to
2571.2. The FT 30-stock index climbed 23.0 points, or 1.17%,
to 1996.6. Volume was 668.5 million shares, compared with
680.5 million shares a day earlier.
   Prices were propelled higher by optimism about an imminent
interest-rate reduction. The pound's stability against
Germany's currency led to speculation the British government
might try to squeeze in two half-point rate cuts in base
lending rates before a general election, which must be held
by midyear. Widespread takeover talk also pushed stocks up.
Still, some participants were skeptical, given little
substantive news to fuel stocks' gains.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index increased 6.58 points
to 1687.49. The index opened on a strong note following Wall
Street's firm performance a day earlier, as well as gains
Friday by Tokyo and London. But the Frankfurt market turned
mixed on a bout of profit-taking, before turning up toward
the end of the session.
   Elsewhere on big European, Asian and Pacific exchanges,
stocks posted gains overall. But in Paris, shares ended flat
after a rise from futures-driven trading; at the end of the
monthly trading account on the futures market, operators were
unwinding positions. Milan equities finished mostly higher,
as sentiment was boosted by Parliament's approval of
legislation on public tender offers to protect minority
shareholder interests. Zurich stocks rose partly on optimism
about further interestrate cuts.
   Sydney stocks rose on a technical bounce, and month-end
options expirations boosted turnover markedly. Hong Kong
stocks' solid climb resulted from bargainhunting ahead of the
Chinese New Year. Seoul share prices surged on expectations
of an influx of foreign funds, prompted by the South Korean
government's announcement that the stock market would be
opened in February to direct investment by foreign
governments and pension funds.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % 1991
                                 Jan 30    Jan 29    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ........................   385.4     383.7   + 25.6
 Britain .....................   754.0     752.6   + 18.0
 Canada ......................   408.3     407.4   + 11.3
 Japan .......................   925.3     916.9   -  6.9
 France ......................   529.4     531.7   + 24.8
 Germany .....................   258.2     258.9   + 14.5
 Hong Kong ...................  3344.7    3346.3   + 54.0
 Switzerland .................   216.1     216.3   + 28.0
 Australia ...................   342.2     344.1   + 27.8
 World index .................   522.9     522.1   + 13.3