REVIEW  OUTLOOK (Editorial):
   Converting the Converted
A joint effort of Russia, the U.S. and Germany, the
"International Science and Technology Center" would be
created in Russia to match up scientists and projects. An EC
official said the price tag would be $100 million, with the
U.S. contributing a quarter of that amount. German Foreign
Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher said the effort would require
"strong international support," plus funding from
foundations, academic and scientific institutions and the
private sector.
   Ultimately, the best protection for the West is most
likely to be found in the scientists themselves. If they are
given decent alternatives, it is unlikely that many would
choose to continue the nefarious work that has engaged them
up to now. The chief scientist at Chelyabinsk, Yevgeni N.
Avrorin, told Mr. Baker that it is not only important for
scientists to earn a living but also to be in a position to
do important work.
   Surely the world has enough important work for them. For
starters, they could help find the most effective ways of
disarming and disposing of most of the nuclear warheads they
built. They have much to contribute to the announced
U.S.-Russian effort to build an SDI system. And they have
enormous contributions to make to our understanding of the
Soviet Union's efforts to create truly terrible weapons with
the tools of biotechnology.