New Securities Issues
Aristar Inc. -- A $200 million two-part issue of senior
notes was priced through underwriters led by First Boston
Corp. The first part, consisting of $100 million of 7.375%
senior notes due Feb. 15, 1997, priced at 99.899 to yield
7.399%. The non-callable notes were priced at a spread of 95
basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. The second
part, consisting of $100 million of 7.875% senior notes due
Feb. 15, 1999, priced at 99.733 to yield 7.925%. The
non-callable notes were priced at a spread of 106 basis
points above the Treasury's seven-year note. The issue is
rated Baa-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by
Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Stone Container Corp. -- A two-part $200 million issue of
convertible securities was priced through underwriters led by
Bear Stears  Co. The first part, consisting of $100 million
in convertible subordinated debentures, due Feb. 15, 2007,
was priced to yield 6.75%. The debentures, which are
noncallable for four years, are convertible into common at
$34.62 a share. The second part, consisting of four million
shares of $25 cumulative convertible exchangeable preferred
Series E stock, was priced with a $1.75 dividend for a 7%
dividend yield. The shares, which are noncallable for four
years, also are convertible into common at $34.62. The issue
was rated single-B-3 by Moody's and single-B-plus by SP.
   Greyhound Financial Corp. -- A $125 million issue of
notes, due Feb. 15, 1999, was priced at par to yield 8.50%.
The non-callable notes were priced at a spread of 165 basis
points above the Treasury's seven-year note. Rated Baa-2 by
Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters at Merrill Lynch  Co.
                                                                                                       

                        EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   TNT Freightways Corp. -- An initial public offering of
12.5 million common shares priced at $19.50 a share through
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Enhance Financial Services Inc. -- An initial public
offering of five million common shares priced at $18.25 a
share through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Roper Industries Inc. -- An initial public offering of 2.5
million common shares priced at $15 a share through
underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Frame Technology Corp. -- An intial public offering of two
million common shares priced at $14 a share through
underwriters led by Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
                                                                                                       

                       MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   City and County of Denver -- $250 million airport system
revenue bonds, Series 1992 A, due Nov. 15, 2000-2003, 2006,
2012, and 2025, priced by a Lehman Brothers group to yield
from 7.00% in 2000 to 7.65% in 2025. Current interest serial
bonds are priced to yield from 7.00% in 2000 to 7.40% in
2003. There are $14.4 million of 7.50% term bonds priced at
99.54 to yield 7.55% in 2006, $40.5 million of 7.50% term
bonds priced at 98.95 to yield 7.60% in 2012 and $180 million
of 7.25% term bonds priced at 95.17 to yield 7.65% in 2025.
The bonds are rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B by SP and
Fitch Investors Service Inc.
   Palm Beach County, Fla. -- $90.7 million of airport system
revenue refunding bonds, Series 1992 due Oct. 1, 1992-1999,
and 2014, were tentatively priced by a Smith Barney group to
yield from 2.80% in 1992 to 6.59% in 2014. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 2.80% in 1992 to 5.60%
in 1999. There are $59.6 million of 6.38% term bonds priced
at 97.50 to yield 6.59% in 2014. The bonds are insured by
MBIA Corp. and rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
   City of Albuquerque, N.M. -- $66.2 million of revenue
bonds, comprising $50.2 million hospital system refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A and $16 million hospital system
revenue bonds, Series 1992 B, due Aug. 1, 1993-2002, and
2007, were tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group
to yield from 3.70% in 1993 to 6.73% for Series B bonds
maturing in 2007. Series A current bonds are due from
1996-2003 and 2007. Current interest serial bonds are priced
to yield from 5.00% in 1996 to 6.10% in 2002. There are $22.7
million of 6.38% term bonds priced at 98.31 to yield 6.55% in
2007. Series B bonds are due from 1993-2002 and 2007. Current
interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.70% in 1993
to 6.20% in 2002. There are $6.4 million of 6.60% term bonds
priced at 98.75 to yeild 6.73% in 2007. The bonds are insured
by MBIA and rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
   Maine -- $51.2 million of general obligation bonds, due
1994-2003, priced by a Painewebber Inc. group to yield from
4.15% in 1995 to 6.75% for taxable bonds due in 1997.
Tax-exempt current interest serial bonds are priced to yield
from 4.15% in 1994 to 5.90% in 2003. Taxable current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 5.30% in 1994 to 6.75%
in 1997. The bonds are non-callable and are rated double-A-1
by Moody's and double-A-plus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                     MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- A $750.8 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The offering,
Series 1992-49, is backed by Fannie Mae 8.50% mortgage
securities. The weighted average lives assume prepayments at
200% of the PSA Model.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- A $300 million issue
of Remic securities is being offered by Nomura Securities
International Inc. The offering, Series Gold 1231, is backed
by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8% mortgage securities. The
collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 8.625% and
weighted average remaining term to maturity of 14.75 years.
                                                                                                       

                       MISCELLANEOUS
                                                                                                       

   Massachusetts Health and Educational Facilities Authority
-- $112.4 million revenue bonds, (New England Medical Center
Hospital issue), Series F, due July 1, 1996-2006, 2012 and
2025, were priced by a Kidder Peabody group to yield from
4.90% in 1996 to 6.70% in 2025. Current interest serial bonds
are priced to yield from 4.90% in 1996 to 6.40% in 2006.
There are $18 million of 6.50% term bonds priced at 98.75 to
yield 6.61% in 2012 and $74.3 million of 6.63% term bonds
priced at 99 to yield 6.70% in 2025. The bonds are insured by
Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. and rated triple-A by both
Moody's and SP.
   New York State Environmental Facilities Corp. -- $59.9
million special obligation bonds, (Riverbank State Park
special obligation bonds), 1992 Series, due April 1,
1993-2007, 2012, and 2022, were tentatively priced by a Bear,
Stearns  Co. group to yield from 5.00% in 1993 to 7.54% in
2022. Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from
5.00% in 1993 to 7.40% in 2006 and 2007. There are $10
million 7.25% term bonds priced at 97.41 to yield 7.50% in
2012; $34.4 million 7.38% term bonds priced at 98 to yield
7.54% in 2022. The bonds are rated triple-B by SP and
single-A by Fitch.
                                                                                                       

                       EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Eutelstat (the European Telecommunications Satellite
Organisation) (agency) -- 200 million Europen currency units
of 8.625% Eurobonds maturing March 11, 1997, at an issue
price of 101.475 via Credit Lyonnais Securities. Reoffered at
a fixed price of 99.85 to yield 8.66%. Fees 1.875.
   Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau (Germany) -- 250 million
Canadian dollars of 8.375% Eurobonds maturing March 11, 1997,
at an issue price of 101.425 and re-offered at 99.80 via IBJ
International. Fees 1.875.
   Credit Lyonnais (France) -- C$100 million of 8.50%
Eurobonds maturing April 8, 1997, via Hambros Bank. Reoffered
at a fixed price of 101.45, a margin of 53 basis points above
the five-year Canadian government bond. Fees 1.875.
   Tokai Bank Nederland N.V. (Japanese parent) -- $100
million of Eurobonds due March 27, 2002, at an issue price of
101.875 via Salomon Brothers International. Interest rate on
the bonds will float at a margin of 60 basis points above the
six-month London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollars for
the first three years of the issue's life. Thereafter, the
coupon will fixed at 9%. Guaranteed by Tokai Bank. Fees 2.
   Telecom Corp. of New Zealand Finance Ltd. (New Zealand) --
50 million New Zealand dollars of 9.50% Eurobonds due April
3, 2000, at an issue price of 101.40 via Hambros Bank Ltd.
Guaranteed by Telecom Corp. of New Zealand. Fees 2.125.
   Eurofima (agency) -- 15 billion Spanish pesetas of 10.50%
Eurobonds maturing Feb. 28, 1997 at a price of 101.25 via
Banco Central. Fees 1.625.