EGG Says Its Net
   For Fourth Quarter
   Will Top Forecasts
Mr. Kucharski's assessment indicates that EGG's
fourth-quarter net income topped its year-earlier 75 cents a
share by more than 12%. Earnings above 84 cents a share would
bring 1991 net to more than $2.90 a share, compared with
1990's $2.60.
   Mr. Kucharski said 1991 revenue was 8% to 10% higher than
1990's $2.47 billion, indicating a range of $2.67 billion to
$2.72 billion. Fourth-quarter revenue was between $620
million and $670 million, based on his estimate of the year's
receipts and revenue through nine months of $2.05 billion.
That compares with $614.1 million in the last quarter of
1990.
   Mr. Kucharski said that operating income-earnings before
taxes, interest and corporatewide expenses-improved in five
of six EGG segments in the fourth quarter. He said EGG
increased earnings in its biggest sector-support services for
the Department of Energy, chiefly in the nuclear weapons
area-because of higher fees tied to contract-performance
incentives. In 1990, these contracts, which include
management of the Rocky Flats nuclear-weapons facility in
Colorado, accounted for $1.34 billion of EGG's $2.47 billion
in revenue.