Who's News:
   ICH Taps Beisenherz
   To Be New President
   In Restructuring Plan
ICH, which ran into problems with an aggressive
acquisition strategy, named Robert L. Beisenherz, formerly an
executive vice president, as president and chief operating
officer. Mr. Beisenherz, 46 years old, succeeds Steven B.
King, 44, who resigned to pursue personal interests. Chairman
Robert T. Shaw will reassume the post of chief executive
officer, which he held several years ago. The position has
been vacant since the resignation in November of John A.
Franco.
   ICH also said it signed a definitive agreement to sell its
Bankers Life  Casualty unit and one of its subsidiaries,
Certified Life Insurance, to Conseco Inc. for $600 million.
The letter of intent was announced last month. Conseco is
general partner of Conseco Capital Partners, a limited
partnership it formed in 1989 with GE Capital Corp. and other
institutional investors, including ICH. ICH will provide $150
million for the acquisition of its Bankers Life  Casualty
unit, and in return retain a 40% equity interest.
   As a result of that transaction, ICH said Consolidated
National has terminated its letter of intent with Financial
Holding Corp. that would have given Financial Holding an
option to buy 3.6 million shares of ICH held by Consolidated
National. Consolidated National is a closely held concern
that holds 23% of ICH Class A shares and all of its Class B
shares.
   Financial Holding is a closely held insurance holding
company based in Kansas City, Mo.