Dragonair to Boost
   Number of Flights
   To 3 Chinese Cities
On Monday, shareholder Citic Pacific Ltd. increased its
Dragonair stake to 46.1% from 38.3%. It bought the shares for
HK$93 million (US$11.9 million) from its parent, China
International Trust  Investment Hong Kong (Holdings) Ltd.,
an arm of Beijing's main investment vehicle, as part of a
larger transaction.
   Dragonair's next-largest shareholders, with a combined
35%, are Cathay Pacific Airways and its parent, Swire Pacific
Ltd. Cathay and Swire Pacific have a 15-year contract to
manage Dragonair. Citic also owns 12.5% of Cathay.
   Mr. Heale said Dragonair's mission, especially after it
takes delivery of five new, leased Airbus Industrie A-320
twin-jets starting next January, will be to fly to cities
within four or five hours of Hong Kong, and not to those
already served by Cathay. Cathay, not Dragonair, serves
Vietnam because traffic rights were awarded to the larger
airline before it bought into Dragonair, he said. Cathay
flies the routes with a Boeing Co. 737 leased from Dragonair.
   In addition to China, Dragonair serves cities in
Bangladesh, Nepal, Thailand and Japan. It expects to add a
second Japanese destination, Hiroshima, in July.
   Dragonair will swap its Lockheed Corp. Tristars, now
leased from Cathay, for whichever new wide-body model the
larger carrier selects, Mr. Heale said. The Tristars now are
used on the Beijing and Shanghai routes.
   Six-year-old Dragonair doesn't disclose its load factors
or its profit. But Mr. Heale said the airline was
"significantly more profitable" last year than in 1990, the
first year it went into the black.