New Stock Listings
The New York Stock Exchange began trading the following
initial offerings: Pilgrim Prime Rate Trust, Los Angeles, a
closed-end management fund, under PPR; Duff  Phelps Corp.,
Chicago, a financial advisory services firm, under DUF; First
Commonwealth Fund Inc., New York, a closed-end management
fund, under FCO; and Valassis Communications Inc., Livonia,
Mich., a print media company, under VCI.
   The Big Board also began listing El Paso Natural Gas Co.,
El Paso, Tesas, an owner and operator of natural gas
transaction systems, under EPG. El Paso Natural Gas was sold
off by Burlington Northern Resources in a public offering.
                                                                                                       

   The Amex began listing Glacier Water Services Inc.,
Oceanside, Calif., a provider of drinking water through
coin-operated, self-service vending machines, under HOO.
                                                                                                       

   The national market system of the over-the-counter market
began trading the following initial offerings: DSG
International Ltd., Hong Kong, a maker of disposable diapers,
under DSGIF; I.S.G. Technologies Inc., Mississauga, Ontario,
a maker of computer-based visual data processing systems,
also traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange, under ISGTF;
Biosys, Palo Alto, Calif., a producer of bioinsecticides,
under BIOS; Day Runner Inc., Fullerton, Calif., a maker of
personal organizer books, under DAYR; Lone Star Steakhouse 
Saloon Inc., Wichita, Kan., a chain of mid-priced full
service restaurants, under STAR; Plains Spirit Financial
Corp., Davenport, Iowa, a bank holding company, under PSFC;
United Retail Group Inc., Rochelle Park, N.J., a specialty
retailer of large-size women's apparel and accessories, under
URGI.
                                                                                                       

   The following issues that have been trading on the Nasdaq
system move up to the National Market System tomorrow:
Deprenyl USA Inc., Somerville, N.J., a developer of
prescription pharmaceutical products for photo-dynamic
therapy, common shares under DUSA, class A warrants under
DUSAW; Gates/FA Distributing Inc., Greenville, N.C., a
distributor of microcomputers, network software and
peripheral equipment, under GAFA; Interneuron Pharmaceuticals
Inc., Lexington, Mass., a developer of pharmaceutical
compounds and products for the treatment of central nervous
system disorders, common under IPIC, class B warrants under
IPICZ; Medicis Pharmaceutical Corp., New York, a developer of
dermatology and critical care medical products, class A
common under MDRXA, class B warrants under MDRXL, class C
warrants under MDRXZ; Odd's-N-End's Inc., Buffalo, N.Y., a
close-out and discount merchandise retail chain, under ODDE;
and Communications and Entertainment Corp., Los Angeles, a
producer of feature films, common under CECO, class A common
under CECOA.
                                                                                                       

   The following issues currently trading on the "pink
sheets" will begin trading on the National Market System
tomorrow: Canstar Sports Inc., Mount Royal, Quebec, a
sporting goods maker, under HKYIF; and NBT Bancorp Inc.,
Norwich, N.Y., a bank holding company, under NBTB.
                                                                                                       

   The Chicago Board Options Exchange said it began trading
options on Marvel Entertainment Group Inc., New York, a
creator and publisher of comic books and other action and
adventure material. The Amex also began trading Marvel
options.