PEOPLE PATTERNS
   ----
   By Diane Crispell of American Demographics magazine
LARGE public-school classes often reflect a lack of
funding, but nearly one-third of states have both
below-average spending and small classes.
   Estimates from the National Center for Education
Statistics based on the 1990-91 school year indicate that the
national pupil-teacher ratio for public elementary and
secondary schools was 17.2 to 1. The average expenditure per
pupil was $4,885.
   The estimated outlay per pupil was lowest in Utah, at
$2,727. Utah also had the highest pupil-teacher ratio, at 25
to 1. Eleven other states, including Alabama, California,
Colorado and Georgia, had both lower-than-average spending
per student and bigger-than-average class sizes.
   Small classes can mean higher costs. Spending per student
was greatest, at $8,161, in the District of Columbia, which
also had the second-lowest pupil-teacher ratio, 13.3 to 1.
Thirteen states, including all of the Middle Atlantic and New
England states, had smaller-than-average classes and
above-average outlays per student.
   But 15 states, including Illinois, North Carolina and
Texas, combine lower-than-average pupil-teacher ratios with
below-average spending per student. In some of these states,
including Arkansas and West Virginia, the low expenditures
may stem partly from their low cost of living, in contrast to
the Northeastern states.
   Among the remaining states, Minnesota and Ohio have
average class sizes and above-average costs per student,
while Michigan and Oregon have both large classes and high
costs.
                                                                                                       

   Households Bring
   Most Bacon Home
                                                                                                       

   SPENDING on food prepared and eaten at home grew faster in
recent years than outlays on food away from home, reversing
the pattern of most of the '80s.
   The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that spending in
the at-home category averaged $2,485 a household in 1990, up
5.3% from 1988, while spending on food away from home rose
1.7% to $1,811.
   Many nutritionists recommend eating more vegetables and
grains and making animal flesh a side dish, but the nation's
diet still appears to center on meaty main dishes: The
biggest portion of at-home food spending, $668, went for
meat, poultry, fish and eggs.
   Fruits and vegetables were the second-leading category, at
$408; cereal and bakery goods third, at $368; and dairy
products fourth, at $295. Households also spent an average of
$84 on various combinations of these main categories, as
found in canned, frozen and prepared foods.
   Basic foods need embellishment, however. U.S. households
spent an average of $74 on condiments and seasonings, and $68
on fats and oils.
   Then there are the real nonessentials. Spending on sugar
and sweets, including candy, gum and jam, averaged $94 in
1990. Potato chips, nuts and other snacks accounted for $67.
Miscellaneous prepared foods, including baby food, accounted
for another $146.
   To wash everything down, households spent an average of
$213 on beverages, including coffee, tea, soda and powdered
drinks. (Milk and juices are counted in the dairy and
fruit/vegetable categories.)
   Altogether, spending on food and beverages accounted for
16% of consumer spending in 1990.
                                                                                                       

   U.S. Population Growth
   Picks Up After Census
                                                                                                       

   POPULATION growth has accelerated in the U.S.
   The nation's population rose 0.9% annually in the 1980s.
But recent Census Bureau estimates show growth accelerated to
a 1.1% annual rate between April 1, 1990, and July 1, 1991.
   Several states lost population in the 15 months following
the 1990 census, including Massachusetts, New Hampshire and
North Dakota, as well as the District of Columbia. But Iowa,
which lost population in the 1980s, grew at a 0.5% rate in
the latest period.
   Growth in some states has accelerated steadily. Nevada's
population rose an average of 3.3% a year in the early 1980s,
4.9% in the late 1980s and at an estimated 5.3% rate in the
1990-91 period. Growth has also risen steadily in the
Carolinas, Delaware, Minnesota, Missouri, Oregon, Tennessee,
Washington and Wisconsin.
   Several Midwestern states whose populations fell in the
early 1980s are now seeing growth, including Illinois,
Indiana, Michigan and Ohio.
   On the other hand, growth has slowed in some states,
including Arizona, Connecticut, Florida and New Jersey.
Florida grew at a yearly pace of 2.1% in 1990-91, compared
with 2.9% in the early 1980s and 2.8% in the late 1980s. Even
so, it is currently the seventh fastest-growing state;
Arizona ranks 10th.
                                                                                                       

   Odds and Ends
                                                                                                       

   THE FIRST employer-provided retirement plan in the U.S.
was set up by American Express in 1875, says the Bureau of
Labor Statistics. It applied only to disabled elderly
employees with at least 20 years of service. In 1987, the two
main types of private pensions numbered more than 872,000
plans covering 78 million workers. . . . Of the 13 largest
medical specialties, only pediatrics has shown a significant
increase in share of office visits in recent years. The
National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey shows that visits to
pediatricians accounted for 12.6% of office visits made to
physicians in 1989, up from 11.4% in 1985. . . . The share of
prescription-drug costs that consumers pay fell to 72% in
1989 from 78% in 1980 because of increased spending by public
programs (such as Medicaid) and other third parties (such as
employer-provided insurance), says the Employee Benefit
Research Institute.