Rally Leaves Many Cyclical Stocks Behind
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
Most of the winning cyclical groups in 1991's final
quarter were transportation-related. Against a 7.8% jump in
the Dow Jones Equity Market Index, the airlines industry
group gained 15.8%; railroads jumped 13.4%; and trucking
added 12.3%.
   Meanwhile, investors didn't abandon groups of growth
stocks, which were attractive throughout 1991 because of
expectations they could make profits grow even in a
poor-to-mediocre economy. The medical and biotechnology
industry group surged 29.7%, and the software industry group
climbed nearly as much, 29.1%.
   Among more conservative growth groups, pharmaceuticals
jumped 18.2% and food industry stocks added 15.3%.
   But shares of commodities producers and manufacturers of
basic materials lagged far behind the broad market: The major
oil producers group fell nearly 2% in the face of plummeting
oil prices; the aluminum industry group lost 1.2%, and the
paper products group gained a meager 2.8%.
   So far, the scenario is typical of stock performance
during the early stages of an economic recovery. Investors
begin to boost selected cyclicals without entirely shedding
their holdings in growth stocks. Geoffrey Dennis, a
strategist at James Capel Inc., suggests the market was
coaxed into a recovery mode in December when the Federal
Reserve slashed the discount rate it charges on loans to
financial institutions by a full percentage point.
   Airline stocks were attractive as "early" cyclicals
because the failure of some carriers has meant that "if there
is an economic upturn, the airline sector will be smaller,
leaner and more tightly run," says Mr. Dennis. Trucking and
rail stocks are also likely to benefit in the first stages of
a recovery, as goods start flowing from manufacturers into
distribution pipelines.
   Typically, other cyclical groups could be expected to
surge over the next several months in the event of a
recovery, as manufacturers start buying new equipment,
consumers start buying luxury items and commodities prices
rise.
   But strategists and analysts warn that this recovery may
leave languishing cyclicals behind longer than usual. That's
because they see consumer spending, rather than corporate
spending, as the key factor needed to boost the economy. And
they expect consumers to spend cautiously until the recovery
is well under way.
   Consider the difference between the home construction
industry group, which soared 20.5% in the fourth quarter, and
the automobile manufacturing group, which fell 14% during the
period. Both groups produce the most expensive items that
consumers are likely to buy in their lifetimes.
   But consumers are more likely to buy an affordable home
when the economy first turns around than they are to buy a
car. "Consumers won't be spending on cars right away," says
William Steele, an auto analyst at Dean Witter. "With the
recession well over a year old, there are lots of essential
items which they'll want to buy before a new car."
   Mr. Steele points out that the average age of a car has
been increasing for some time and is now at about 8 years.
Not coincidentally, the automobile parts and equipment
industry group outperformed the market during the fourth
quarter, with a 12.4% gain -- suggesting, in part, that older
cars are being fixed up to extend their usefulness.
   Homes, on the other hand, are already in demand. The rate
of new home sales in November rose 8.3% from a year earlier,
the Commerce Department said Tuesday. "There's a whole
segment of younger people with jobs who need homes but who
have been priced out of the market," says Joseph Jolson, a
managing director and housing analyst at Montgomery
Securities. These people will start buying when housing
prices -- including the financing costsfall, he says.
   And homes should become more affordable as mortgage rates
drop in the wake of the Fed's discount rate cut. But loans
for car purchases are typically more stubborn. They are also
higher than mortgage rates now, which means "a 1% decline in
an average car loan would only save a consumer between $6 and
$10 a month," Mr. Steele says.
   Another factor at play in the sharply contrasting
fourth-quarter performance of these two groups is that auto
makers are vulnerable to foreign competition while home
builders aren't. Cyclical groups with efficient foreign
competitors may languish even in a recovery, some analysts
warn.
   Michael Metz, head strategist at Oppenheimer & Co., thinks
that when car sales increase, much of the benefits likely
will be reaped by foreign auto makers because their
"penetration of the U.S. market has accelerated."
   Not only are home builders largely immune to foreign
competition, Mr. Metz says, they are "traditionally
efficient," particularly in an economy still strapped by
debt. "They have no huge overhead costs, so they don't have
huge losses."
   ---
                      FOURTH QUARTER
                  NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE
                                                                                                       

                          Winners
                                                                                                       

   Issue                           Last     Change     Pct
                                                                                                       

 ICN Pharmctcl                     18       +12       +200.0
 EMC Corp                          12 1/2   + 6 1/2   +108.3
 Interlake Corp                     6       + 2 7/8   + 92.0
 Thor Industries                   22 1/4   +10 1/2   + 89.4
 Ekco Grp                           9 5/8   + 4 1/2   + 87.8
 Adv Micro Dvc                     17 1/2   + 8 1/8   + 86.7
 Sys Center                        15 3/8   + 7 1/8   + 86.4
 Intl Game Tech                    46       +20 5/8   + 81.3
 Lands' End Inc                    29 5/8   +13 1/8   + 79.5
 Warner Cmptr                      11       + 4 7/16  + 68.0
                                                                                                       

                          Losers
                                                                                                       

 Midway Airline                       1/8   - 1 7/8   - 93.8
 Natl Convn Str                       3/8   - 2 1/8   - 85.0
 LVI Group                            5/8   - 1 13/16 - 74.5
 Live Entmt                         3 1/4   - 9 1/2   - 74.5
 Carolco                            1 7/8   - 4       - 68.1
 Savin Corp                         2 3/4   - 5 1/32  - 64.7
 Russ Togs Inc                      1 3/8   - 1 7/8   - 57.7
 Ultimate Corp                      1 3/8   - 1 5/8   - 54.2
 Std Brnds Paint                    2 1/4   - 2 1/2   - 52.6
 El Paso Rfnry                      8 7/8   - 9 1/8   - 50.7
                                                                                                       

                  AMERICAN STOCK EXCHANGE
                                                                                                       

                          Winners
                                                                                                       

 Westair Hldg                       5       + 3       +150.0
 K-V Pharm B                       18 5/8   +10 7/8   +140.3
 Enter Pub                         34 1/4   +17 3/4   +107.6
 Littlefield Adm                   11 3/8   + 5 7/8   +106.8
 US Bioscience                     78       +39 1/2   +102.6
 Bolar Pharm                       13 1/2   + 6 5/8   + 96.4
 Railroad Fncl                     15 3/8   + 7 3/8   + 92.2
 TCS Enterp                         4 1/8   + 1 7/8   + 83.3
 Comptek Rsch                      21 1/2   + 9 3/4   + 83.0
 Ivax Corp                         38 5/8   +17 3/8   + 81.8
                                                                                                       

                          Losers
                                                                                                       

 Granada Bio                          3/8   - 7       - 94.9

 Barrister Info.wi                    9/16  -11 1/16  - 75.0
 Ford Cur Exch                        5/8   - 1 3/4   - 73.7
 Medical Prpty                      1 1/2   - 3 1/2   - 70.0
 Scandinavia                          7/8   - 2       - 69.6
 Mllrd Coach                          7/8   - 1 3/4   - 66.7
 Edisto Res                         1 3/4   - 3 3/8   - 65.9
 G R I Corp                         1 1/16  -11 1/16  - 61.3
 CII Finl                           8       - 9 7/8   - 55.2
                                                                                                       

                     OVER THE COUNTER
                                                                                                       

                          Winners
                                                                                                       

 nVIEW Corp                        30       +22 5/8   +306.8
 SBE Inc                           11 1/2   + 7 3/8   +178.8
 Sandwich Coop                      7 1/4   + 4 1/2   +163.6
 Liposome Tech                     18 1/2   +11 3/8   +159.6
 Amer Clm Eval                     19 1/2   +11 7/8   +155.7
 Somatix                           10 1/4   + 6 1/8   +148.5
 Crop Genetics                     11       + 6 1/4   +131.6
 Gencor Indus                       5 3/4   + 3 1/4   +130.0
 Sulcus Cmptr                       7 1/8   +33 1/32  +125.8
 Shopsmith Inc                      5 5/8   + 3 1/8   +125.0
                                                                                                       

                          Losers
                                                                                                       

 Bonneville Pac                       1/32  -22 3/32  - 98.9
 Tech Dvlp                            1/4   - 2       - 88.9
 E I P Micro                          1/4   - 1 3/4   - 87.5
 Reserve Indus                        3/4   - 3       - 80.0
 Ratners Grp.adr                    1 5/8   - 4 3/4   - 74.5
 Burritt Interfin                     7/8   - 2 1/4   - 72.0
 Westport Bncp                        3/4   - 1 3/4   - 70.0
 Seaboard Bcp                         5/8   - 1 3/8   - 68.8
 Newport Nws Sv                       7/8   - 1 5/8   - 65.0
 Cascade Intl                       2 1/2   - 4 1/4   - 63.0