Autos:
   Auto Makers Hobble Into the New Year
   With Little Hope for a Robust Recovery
   ----
   By Bradley A. Stertz and Jacqueline Mitchell
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
All of the pessimism depressed sales of cars and light
trucks in 1991 to 12.3 million vehicles, an 11.5% decline
from a lackluster 1990, and the worst performance since 1983,
when the nation was shaking off the effects of the last
recession.
   Domestic cars sold at a seasonally adjusted annual pace of
7.1 million vehicles for the last 10 days of December. That
was the highest level since early July, when auto makers
hoped the economy was on the road to recovery, and well above
the domestic sales pace of 5.9 million cars for the entire
month. But the numbers weren't as good as they might look.
   The sales rate typically jumps in late December, and the
Federal Reserve Board's sharp cut in interest rates should
have exaggerated the trend. But the sales rate remained well
below that of the depressed year-ago period, and left few
industry officials optimistic heading into the new year.
   Last year "was a dismal year for the entire industry,"
Chrysler Corp. President Robert A. Lutz said yesterday. "I
think 1992 will be a little better than 1991, but it's
unlikely that 1992 will be a whole lot better."
   That sentiment was echoed by Richard Recchia, head of
Mitsubishi Motors Corp.'s U.S. sales arm. "The industry will
be real weak in the first quarter, and get maybe a little
relief in the second quarter," he said. "If we're lucky,
maybe we'll see a 3% sales increase in 1992" to retail
buyers. Sales to rental and corporate fleets, he added, are
difficult to predict.
   Wendy Needham, automotive analyst with Smith Barney,
Harris Upham & Co, expects 1992 sales to reach just 12.9
million cars and light trucks. Ronald A. Glantz, an analyst
with Dean Witter Reynolds, foresees sales reaching 13.6
million vehicles, an improvement that is still below the poor
results from 1990.
   Nevertheless, Wall Street has been optimistic about the
Big Three recently, thanks partly to interest-rate cuts. Mr.
Glantz issued a "buy" recommendation on GM on Thursday, and a
less aggressive "buy/hold" on Ford and Chrysler. The car
makers' stocks have spurted in the first trading days of the
year. GM shares rose $1 to $33.50 in late trading on the New
York Stock Exchange yesterday, while Ford gained 50 cents to
$30.875 and Chrysler rose 12.5 cents to $13.625.
   The big unknown is what President Bush's expected
economic-growth package -- including tax cuts -- might do.
Donald Hilty, Chrysler's chief economist, said yesterday that
1992 sales could reach 14.8 million vehicles if the federal
government temporarily cut $100 billion out of Social
Security taxes or income taxes by March.
   Last year was especially bitter for the Big Three U.S.
auto makers, who paid dearly for every car they sold.
Discounts to coax reluctant consumers into dealerships topped
$1,000 a vehicle, on average. And thinly profitable sales to
major fleet buyers, such as rental car companies, made up a
high percentage of the vehicles sold by General Motors Corp.,
Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler.
   The result: combined operational losses for the Big Three
in 1991 are expected to reach a record of more than $6
billion. Reeling from those losses, GM last month announced a
sweeping retrenchment of its North American operations, which
included plans to close 21 plants, eliminate 74,000 jobs and
pare capital spending plans.
   Slumping sales alone didn't cause all of the Big Three's
pain. Japanese auto makers continued to make gains in the
U.S. market. The Japanese auto companies combined claimed a
record 31% of the U.S. new-car market, an improvement from
their 28% share in 1990. That will serve as the backdrop as
President Bush and the chairmen of the Big Three visit Japan
seeking trade policy relief.
   For the third straight year, the Honda Accord stood as the
nation's top-selling car, outpacing the Ford Taurus.
   Honda Motor Co.'s and Toyota Motor Corp.'s shares of the
U.S. car market surpassed Chrysler's for the first time.
Honda finished the year with a 9.8% share of newcar sales, up
from 9.1% in 1990; Toyota had a 9.0% share, up from 8.3% a
year earlier, while Chrysler's share sank to 8.5% from 9.2%
last year.
   Chrysler, however, still sells more total vehicles than
either Japanese company. Its truck sales exceed Toyota's, and
Honda doesn't sell trucks.
   Chrysler's share of combined car and truck sales remained
flat, at 12.2%. GM lost some ground in the combined car and
truck market, with its share slipping to 35.1% from 35.6% in
1990. GM's share of car sales alone remained flat with its
35.4% share in 1990.
   Ford's combined car and truck market share fell to 23.3%
from 23.9% a year earlier, primarily because its share of the
car market fell nearly a full point to 19.9%.
   Ford and GM's Chevrolet division waged an end-of-the-year
war to have America's best-selling pickup truck. Ford won by
selling 452,311 of its F-series pickups, beating sales of
Chevy's C/K pickup of 400,780 vehicles.
   It was an expensive victory, however. In December, Ford
put incentives of up to $2,000 a vehicle on trucks purchased
by commercial and fleet buyers. Individual consumers got a
lesser discount: up to $1,000 a truck, said Evans Kayser,
fleet leasing manager at Town and Country Ford, Charlotte,
N.C.
   As a result, Mr. Kayser's truck sales surged nearly 40% in
December, compared with a year ago. About half of those sales
were to commercial and fleet buyers.
   Overall, Ford's light truck sales climbed 75.5% in
December from a year ago. But a Ford spokesman said the
"majority" of those sales were to retail customers. Without
the year-end push for sales, the spokesman said, "we would
have still beat Chevy by 6,000 to 7,000 trucks for the year."
   Perhaps so, but Chevy pulled out some stops of its own.
For the last two weeks of December, Chevy put a $1,000
factory-to-dealer rebate on top of the $500 buyer rebate on
its C/K pickup truck, said Billy Vratsolis, new-truck sales
manager at Dan Young Chevy-Honda of Indianapolis.
   Chevy even offered to honor the rebate coupons that Ford
mailed to prospective customers. "It was obvious that they
were trying to push up the numbers," Mr. Vratsolis said.
"It's an ego thing." So much so, in fact, that neither Chevy
nor Ford would release its results first. The two sides
agreed to simultaneously exchange their numbers at the office
of the Motor Vehicle Manufacturers Association, the auto
industry's trade group.
   Last year was brutal for European car makers in the U.S.
In addition to coping with the recession, they had to deal
with a new federal luxury tax in 1991 applying to cars priced
higher than $30,000.
   Especially hard hit were Ford's Jaguar PLC and Porsche AG.
Their U.S. sales fell more than 50% from a year ago.
Germany's Porsche sold 30,471 cars at its peak in 1986, but
sold only 4,380 in 1991. Britain's Jaguar, meanwhile, sold
only 8,776 cars in 1991, down from a high of 24,464 in 1986.
No European auto maker reported a U.S. sales gain for 1991.
   Some European auto makers are simply giving up on the U.S.
Sterling Motor Cars, a unit of Britain's Rover Group PLC, and
Peugeot S.A. of France both announced last summer plans to
stop selling cars in the U.S. by the end of 1991.
                                                                                                       

                   AUTO SALES STATISTICS
                                                                                                       

            Percentage of Total U.S. Car Market
                                                                                                       

                               Dec    Dec   12 mos  12 mos
   Make                        1991   1990   1991    1990
                                                                                                       

 General Motors-a ...........  34.7   34.1   35.4    35.4
 Ford-a .....................  21.1   20.1   19.9    20.8
 Chrysler-a .................   8.0    9.8    8.5     9.2
 Toyota-a ...................  10.8   10.1    9.0     8.3
 Honda-a ....................   9.3    7.5    9.8     9.1
 Nissan-a ...................   4.9    4.6    5.0     4.9
 Mazda-a ....................   2.8    2.7    3.3     2.9
 Hyundai ....................   1.2    2.0    1.4     1.5
 Mitsubishi-a ...............   2.1    1.8    2.1     1.7
 Subaru-a ...................   0.9    1.3    1.3     1.2
 Suzuki-a ...................   0.1    0.1    0.1     0.1
 Other Imports ..............   4.1    5.8    4.1     4.9
 Totl. Jap. Nameplate .......    31     28     31      28
 Totl. Eur. Nameplate .......     4      6      4       5
                                                                                                       

   a-Includes imported and domestically made models.
                                                                                                       

                    INTERIM AUTO SALES
                                                                                                       

          RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a
                                                                                                       

                              1991        1990       x-%
                            Dec 21-31   Dec 21-31    Chg.
                                                                                                       

 GM total vehicles ......... 135,975     133,631    +  1.8
  Domestic car .............  78,653      90,167    - 12.8
  Imported car .............   3,394       2,716    + 25.0
   Total car ...............  82,047      92,883    - 11.7
  Domestic truck ...........  53,826      40,695    + 32.3
  Imported truck ...........     102          53    + 92.5
   Total truck .............  53,928      40,748    + 32.3
                                                                                                       

 FORD total vehicles ....... 119,794      88,054    + 36.0
  Domestic car .............  61,727      54,891    + 12.5
  Imported car .............   2,248       1,351    + 66.4

  Domestic truck ...........  55,819      31,812    + 75.5
                                                                                                       

 CHRYSLER total veh ........  47,350      55,125    - 14.1
  Domestic car .............e-17,910      24,950    - 28.2
  Imported car .............   e-769       2,074    - 62.9
   Total car ...............  18,679      27,024    - 30.9
  Domestic truck ...........e-28,566      27,854    +  2.6
  Imported truck ...........   e-105         247    - 57.5
   Total truck .............  28,671      28,101    +  2.0
                                                                                                       

 HONDA total vehicles ......  24,669      26,974    -  8.5
  Domestic car .............  14,488      11,763    + 23.2
  Imported car .............  10,181      15,211    - 33.1
                                                                                                       

 TOYOTA total veh ..........  47,594      50,866    -  6.4
  Domestic car .............  14,334      17,070    - 16.0
  Imported car .............  20,065      21,464    -  6.5
   Total car ...............  34,399      38,534    - 10.7
  Domestic truck ...........     362           0
  Imported truck ...........  12,833      12,332    +  4.1
   Total truck .............  13,195      12,332    +  7.0
                                                                                                       

 NISSAN total vehicles .....   8,323       8,377    -  0.6
  Domestic car .............   4,144       4,264    -  2.8
  Domestic truck ...........   4,179       4,113    +  1.6
                                                                                                       

 MAZDA total vehicles ......   2,278       3,157    - 27.8
  Domestic car .............   1,925       2,598    - 25.9
  Domestic truck ...........     353         559    - 36.9
                                                                                                       

 MITSUBISHI-c ..............     939       1,837    - 48.9
                                                                                                       

 SUBARU domestic car .......     979       1,448    - 32.4
                                                                                                       

 ISUZU domestic truck ......   2,335       1,026    +127.6
                                                                                                       

 Total cars ................ 231,756     251,804    -  8.0
  Domestic ................. 195,099     208,988    -  6.6
  Imported .................  36,657      42,816    - 14.4
                                                                                                       

 Total trucks .............. 158,480     118,691    + 33.5
  Domestic ................. 145,440     106,059    + 37.1
  Imported .................  13,040      12,632    +  3.2
                                                                                                       

 Total domestic veh ........ 340,539     315,047    +  8.1
 Total vehicles ............ 390,236     370,495    +  5.3
                                                                                                       

   a-Totals include only vehicle sales reported in the
period.
   c-Domestic car
   x-There were 8 selling days in the most recent period and
8 a year earlier. Percentage differences based on daily sales
rate rather than sales volume.
   e-Estimated
                                                                                                       

            TOTAL MONTH AUTO SALES FOR DECEMBER

          RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a
                                                                                                       

                 1991     1990    %Chg.    1991      1990
                 Dec.     Dec.    Month   To Date   To Date
                                                                                                       

 General Motors 323,526  332,240  -  2.6 4,319,730 4,934,308
  Domestc car   197,346  215,672  -  8.5 2,783,692 3,141,157
  Import car      9,283    7,765  + 19.5   125,768   167,826
   Total car    206,629  223,437  -  7.5 2,909,460 3,308,983
  Domestc trk    16,667  108,651  +  7.4 1,408,028 1,622,595
  Import trk        230      152  + 51.3     2,242     2,730
   Total trk    116,897  108,803  +  7.4 1,410,270 1,625,325
                                                                                                       

 Ford           240,289  223,169  +  7.7 2,867,371 3,317,096
  Domestc car   119,850  128,519  -  6.7 1,572,770 1,880,389
  Import car      5,631    3,406  + 65.3    63,280    63,214
   Total car    125,481  131,925  -  4.9 1,636,050 1,943,603
  Domestc trk   114,808   91,244  + 25.8 1,231,321 1,373,493
                                                                                                       

 Chrysler       112,975  123,165  -  8.3 1,507,671 1,698,068
  Domestc car    43,810   59,160  - 25.9   636,994   795,096
  Import car      3,869    5,082  - 23.9    65,524    65,738
   Total car     47,679   64,242  - 25.8   702,518   860,834
  Domestc trk    64,866   58,168  + 11.5   800,482   824,303
  Import trk        430      755  - 43.0     4,671    12,931
   Total trk     65,296   58,923  + 10.8   805,153   837,234
                                                                                                       

 Toyota          88,376   88,618  -  0.3 1,010,480 1,058,005
  Domestc car    26,796   27,968  -  4.2   332,623   348,540
  Import car     37,801   38,608  -  2.1   409,398   430,668
   Total car     64,597   66,576  -  3.0   742,021   779,208
  Import trk     23,779   22,042  +  7.9   268,459   278,797
                                                                                                       

 Honda           55,118   49,477  + 11.4   803,367   854,879
  Domestc car    30,626   21,968  + 39.4   482,097   464,118
  Import car     24,492   27,509  - 11.0   321,270   390,761
                                                                                                       

 Nissan          40,452   41,069  -  1.5   576,527   621,521
  Domestc car     8,379    8,672  -  3.4   112,800   109,575
  Import car     20,708   21,458  -  3.5   295,811   344,181
   Total car     29,087   30,130  -  3.5   408,611   453,756
  Domestc trk     7,863    7,549  +  4.2   128,408   132,033
  Import trk      3,502    3,390  +  3.3    39,508    35,732
   Total trk     11,365   10,939  +  3.9   167,916   167,765
                                                                                                       

 Mazda           21,273   22,832  -  6.8   343,612   349,677
  Domestc car     3,589    4,730  - 24.1    77,356    72,657
  Import car     12,864   13,231  -  2.8   192,343   196,150
   Total car     16,453   17,961  -  8.4   269,699   268,807
  Domestic trk      768    1,058  - 27.4    11,404     3,409
  Import trk      4,052    3,813  +  6.3    62,509    77,461
   Total trk      4,820    4,871  -  1.0    73,913    80,870
                                                                                                       

 Hyundai-b        7,011   13,033  - 46.2   117,630   137,448
                                                                                                       

 Mitsubishi      13,229   14,040  -  5.8   190,801   190,730

  Import car      8,191    7,761  +  5.5   102,722   112,087
   Total car     12,508   11,565  +  8.2   172,218   161,964
  Import trk        721    2,475  - 70.9    18,583    28,766
                                                                                                       

 Subaru           5,637    8,848  - 36.3   105,052   108,547
  Domestc car     1,888    3,452  - 45.3    49,345    15,818
  Import car      3,749    5,396  - 30.5    55,707    92,729
                                                                                                       

 Volkswagen       5,116    8,052  - 36.5    95,905   135,254
  Import car      4,979    7,685  - 35.2    90,870   128,611
  Import trk        137      367  - 62.7     5,035     6,643
                                                                                                       

 Isuzu            8,135   10,083  - 19.3   108,429   111,657
  Import car      1,047      662  + 58.2    13,301     5,837
  Domestic trk    3,904    2,611  + 49.5    42,996    21,928
  Import trk      3,184    6,810  - 53.2    52,132    83,892
   Total trk      7,088    9,421  - 24.8    95,128   105,820
                                                                                                       

 Volvo-b          3,738    5,939  - 37.1    67,229    88,940
                                                                                                       

 Mercedes-b       4,720    9,112  - 48.2    58,087    76,966
                                                                                                       

 BMW-b            5,483    6,793  - 19.3    52,581    62,794
                                                                                                       

 Suzuki           1,327    1,332  -  0.4    21,657    20,504
  Domestc car        24      279  - 91.4       684         0
  Import car        307      135  +127.4     4,846     6,525
   Total car        331      414  - 20.0     5,530     6,525
  Domestic trk      166      135  + 23.0     3,385     3,334
  Import trk        830      783  +  6.0    12,742    10,645
   Total trk        996      918  +  8.5    16,127    13,979
                                                                                                       

 Saab-b           2,081    2,146  -  3.0    26,014    26,245
                                                                                                       

 Audi-b           1,168    1,346  - 13.2    12,261    21,052
                                                                                                       

 Jaguar-b           693    2,204  - 68.6     8,776    18,728
                                                                                                       

 Daihatsu-b         616      757  - 18.6     8,963    14,984
  Import car        429      564  - 23.9     6,202    10,630
  Import trk        187      193  -  3.1     2,761     4,354
                                                                                                       

 Yugo-b             348      250  + 39.2     3,092     6,359
                                                                                                       

 Porsche-b          271      801  - 66.2     4,388     9,122
                                                                                                       

 Sterling-b           0      307             2,744     4,015
                                                                                                       

 Peugeot-b          113      345  - 67.2     3,555     4,261
                                                                                                       

 Range Rover-c      478      525  -  9.0     3,309     4,582
                                                                                                       

 Alfa Romeo-b       182      307  - 40.7     3,478     3,482
                                                                                                       

 Total cars     595,783  656,069  -  9.2 8,224,734 9,351,596
  Domestic      436,625  474,224  -  7.9 6,117,857 6,877,227

                                                                                                       

 Total trucks   346,572  310,721  + 11.5 4,097,975 4,527,628
  Domestic      309,042  269,416  + 14.7 3,626,024 3,981,095
  Import         37,530   41,305  -  9.1   471,951   546,533
                                                                                                       

 Total vehicles 942,355  966,790 -2.5  12,322,709 13,879,224
                                                                                                       

   a-Totals include all vehicle sales reported in the period
except tourist-delivery sales of imported models.
   b-Imported cars only.
   c-Imported trucks only.
   e-Estimated.
   Note: There were 25 selling days in the most recent month
and 25 a year earlier. Percentage differences based on daily
sales rate rather than sales volume.