IRS Is Seeking
   $200 Million
   From Insurer
   ----
   By Karen Blumenthal
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
American General also said the IRS is disputing some items
on its tax returns for 1977 through 1985 and said it expects
the IRS to bill it for additional amounts and to identify
other tax deficiencies related to those years. While the
company is sizable, with about $36.1 billion in assets at
year end, the amount the IRS is seeking is hefty, too:
American General paid $180 million in taxes in 1991, a year
in which it had net income of $480 million, or $4.25 a share.
   While the outcome of the tax matter "is uncertain,"
American General said it doesn't believe a final resolution
will result in significant adjustments to its financial
position. To speed up resolution of the issues, the company
said it filed suit late last month in U.S. Tax Court
challenging the agency's conclusions.
   An American General spokesman said the company believes
the assessments "are incorrect" and said, "we intend to
pursue all administrative and judicial remedies." Further, he
added, "it's not unusual for large companies to have claims
{against them} involving amounts of this kind."
   The spokesman said the IRS's disagreement with the
company's 1985 return grew out of an audit completed last
October. He said the dispute involves a number of issues, but
primarily focuses on how the company treated the capital loss
from the sale of a subsidiary and on issues related to a
previous audit that affected its 1985 taxes. The company
didn't elaborate on what disputes the IRS has with returns
from earlier years.