OTC Focus:
   Nasdaq Stocks' Drop Gathers Momentum
   As Investors React to Big Board Decline
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Nasdaq Composite Index closed with a loss of 8.32, or
1.32%, to 621.97, following a four-point drop Wednesday and a
little more than one-point decline on Tuesday. Declining
issues led advancers, 1,485 to 721. National Market System
volume totaled 169,870,000 shares, compared with 172,550,000
Wednesday.
   On the Big Board, the New York Stock Exchange Composite
Index lost 1.74, or 0.77%, while the Dow Jones Industrial
Average slumped 27.06, or 0.83%.
   James R. Solloway, director of research at Argus Research,
said he expects OTC stocks to continue to sag until more
definitive signs of economic improvement emerge.
   Among the most active issues yesterday, Apple Computer
lost 1 1/2 to 63 1/2 on volume of 2.1 millon shares; Novell
slipped 1 to 57 3/4 on 1.8 million shares, and Seagate
Technology dropped 3/8 to 15 3/4 on 1.7 million shares.
   Health care and biotechnology stocks were weak, continuing
a pattern that emerged a month ago. Amgen, the market's
largest medical technology issue, lost 1 7/8 to 62 3/8, while
Somatogen fell 2 7/8 to 27 1/8. Medical Care International
lost 1 3/4 to 67.
   Several new issues remained relatively buoyant despite the
downward pressure. Delta Queen Steamboat closed at 15 3/4, up
from its $13.50-a-share pricing, on volume of 2.8 million
shares. The New Orleans company operates river-based cruise
boats. It offered 3.6 million shares.
   PolyMedica Industries, also an initial public offering,
finished at 13, unchanged from its offering price. The
Woburn, Mass., medical product concern's issue was increased
to three million shares from an expected two million.
   Gibraltar Packaging closed at 10 on 1.8 million shares.
Its IPO of 1,333,000 shares was made at $10 a share. The
Hastings, Neb., company makes paperboard packing materials.
   ClothesTime eased 1/2 to 12 1/4 despite the company's
report that its fourth-quarter net income rose to nine cents
a share, from one cent a share a year earlier. Analysts
surveyed by Zacks Investment Research had expected earnings
of seven cents for the latest period. Meanwhile, the apparel
retailer also disclosed that its February sales rose 17% from
their year-ago level.
   Among other retailers that reported February sales
figures, Gantos slipped 1 to 13 3/4, Filene's Basement lost
3/4 to 31 3/4 and Dollar General edged up 3/8 to 25 1/2.
Gantos sales rose 8% for the month, while Filene's climbed
14% and Dollar General's increased 28%.
   Ben  Jerry's Homemade jumped 2 1/2 to 39 1/2. The
Waterbury, Vt., ice cream maker reported fourth-quarter net
income of 21 cents a share, up from 12 cents a share a year
ago. Sales climbed to $23.7 million from $17.9 million.
   Stuart Hall jumped 2 5/8 to 12. The company said it is in
tentative discussions regarding its possible sale to Newell
Co. In Big Board composite trading, Newell shares slipped 1
1/2 to 45 1/4.
   Video Lottery climbed 3 to 31 3/4 after it said it agreed
to acquire the automated wagering division of Control Data.
Terms weren't disclosed. In Big Board trading, Control Data
advanced 1 1/2 to 12 1/2.
   Poughkeepsie Savings advanced 3/4 to 3 3/8, after rising
5/8 Wednesday. The thrift said there weren't any recent or
pending corporate developments to account for the gains.
   Republic Pictures advanced 1/2 to 9. Sutro  Co. analyst
Steven Hill initiated coverage of the stock with a "buy"
recommendation, Dow Jones Professional Investor Report said.
Republic Pictures is a Los Angeles distributor of movies and
television programs.
   Micro Healthsystems rose 3 1/4 to 19 3/4 after Jonathan
Steinberg recommended the stock in this newspaper. Mr.
Steinberg, chief executive officer of the company that
publishes Individual Investor magazine, expects the West
Orange, N.J., company to earn 68 cents a share in the fiscal
year ending this month, and 90 cents in fiscal 1993. Micro
Healthsystems provides bedside computers to hospitals.
   Sunrise Technologies rose 1 3/4 to 14 3/4. The company
received approval from the Food and Drug Administration to
market its sLASE 210 holmium laser system for use in surgery.
   Tseng Labs added 1 5/8 to 15 3/8 after Wheat First-Butcher
 Singer analyst Karen Payne raised her short-term rating on
the stock.
   ---
   DELUGED WITH DOLLARS: Small stocks have been so hot this
year that the mushrooming Fidelity Low-Priced Stock Fund was
closed to investors at the end of trading yesterday. In two
months, total assets of the fund, which invests only in
stocks priced at $15 a share or below, have ballooned to $750
million from $375 million at year end.
   With a return this year of more than 13%, the Low-Priced
Stock Fund leads all other Fidelity funds. It now invests in
more than 500 stocks, up from fewer than 200 a year earlier,
says portfolio manager Joel Tillinghast. Yet he still has
more than 25% invested in cash. With the flood of money
pouring in, "I need to be sure the growth of the fund is
under control," he says. Amid the continuing rise in small
stocks, he adds, "I can buy stocks, but I like them less and
less."
   ---
   Anne Newman contributed to this article.