Year-End Review of Underwriting:
   Stock-and-Bond Issuance Exploded in 1991
   As Merrill Led Way and Salomon Stumbled
   ---
   This Year Is Likely
   To Take Some Effort
   To Sustain Hot Pace
   ----
   By William Power
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
But it will take some effort -- and a cooperative economy
-- for securities firms to sustain their torrid underwriting
pace on behalf of U.S. corporations in the coming year, say
Wall Street underwriting executives.
   "My 11-year-old would have done fine, too," last year,
says Robert G. Scott, a managing director at Morgan Stanley
Group Inc. in charge of capital markets. But with the
prospect of choppy markets and an uncertain economic
scenario, "1992 is going to tell us a lot more about who's
good in this business and who isn't," he says.
   For example, a sharp upward turn in interest rates or a
plunge in stock prices could bring Wall Street's underwriting
machine to a halt, say Wall Street underwriters.
   But that machine was working overtime in 1991.
Corporations issued a record $56 billion of common stock --
half of that in the form of initial public offerings,
including closed-end funds -- and a record $200.45 billion in
bonds. There was a tripling of preferred-stock financings.
And the mortgage-backed and asset-backed debt markets
continued to grow.
   In the end, U.S. corporations had issued more stock than
they retired for the first time in eight years. This attempt
to replenish equity capital (after many companies had piled
on debt throughout the 1980s, partly through leveraged
buy-outs) was hailed by regulators. Richard Breeden, chairman
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, cited what he
hoped would be the "commencement of a long-term shift in the
capital-raising mix of American corporations."
   Half of the 10 largest equity-related deals done in the
past 10 years were completed in 1991, including
multibillion-dollar offerings for RJR Nabisco Inc., Time
Warner Inc. and Ford Motor Co. The year was a "trend-breaker"
because corporate America added to equity capital, says
Vikram S. Pandit, a Morgan Stanley managing director in
charge of equity capital markets. He adds: "There's a
deleveraging aspect that will continue."
   The record amounts of underwriting activity pushed up the
fees that securities firms get from bringing out stocks and
bonds, with the biggest chunks going to Merrill ($833.5
million), Goldman, Sachs & Co. ($686.9 million) and Morgan
Stanley Group Inc. ($480 million). The fee intake helped Wall
Street post blockbuster profits in 1991, in contrast to some
of the Street's worst-ever results in 1990.
   "It's one of those years where everything was working,"
says Thomas W. Davis, head of equity transactions at Merrill
Lynch.
   Merrill Lynch's first-place finish among the Wall Street
underwriters was its fourth in a row. The nation's biggest
brokerage firm raised a record $100.72 billion in U.S.
issues, for a 17.1% market share. Second-place Goldman was
able to take in nearly as much in fees as Merrill because it
dominated the area of stock underwriting, a far more
lucrative business than bonds.
   As 1992 begins, there are plenty of indications that
underwriting activity will remain strong: low interest rates;
relatively attractive stock prices; and the clear need for
debt-laden corporations to raise equity.
   One sobering sign for underwriters entering 1992 is that
underwriting activity already had slowed down late in the
year; among other factors, the stock market's 120-point
plunge on Nov. 15 scared away some corporations that were
ready to issue shares. "That 120-point crack back in November
sort of made people sit up and notice that trees don't grow
to the sky," says T. Anthony Brooks, head of stock
syndication at the Lehman Brothers division of Shearson
Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Nevertheless, Mr. Brooks predicts that the pace of stock
underwriting this year will pick back up and could run
"relatively near" 1990 levels.
   Salomon Brothers, battered by its Treasury-auction
scandal, had the biggest decline in underwriting position,
sliding to No. 7 from No. 4 the year earlier as some of its
bond-underwriting business went elsewhere. The Salomon Inc.
unit's overall market share dropped to 7.9% from 10.4%.
Salomon Brothers dropped in the rankings "while experiencing
a continual slide in financings since the second quarter" of
1991, notes IDD Information Services Inc. Salomon Brothers
declined to comment.
   The biggest overall underwriting improvement in 1991 was
made by the Lehman Brothers division of Shearson, which
picked up some of Salomon's lost business to jump to No. 3
from No. 8, boosting market share to 11.7% from 6.3%. The
gains have been a morale-booster for Shearson, a unit of
American Express Co., which has been trying to emphasize its
Lehman Brothers heritage.
   But one drawback for Lehman Brothers is that the division
made its gains through a surge in bond underwriting, not the
more-lucrative area of stocks. Indeed, Lehman Brothers'
common-stock ranking fell two notches to No. 6. Lehman
Brothers executives vow to combat that stock slippage.
   "I properly should not give an answer" for the division's
lackluster stock performance in 1991, says Mr. Brooks, a
former CS First Boston Inc. executive who joined Lehman
Brothers around Thanksgiving. But he adds: "I can tell you
there is a very significant commitment to the equity market
and the equity function" at Lehman Brothers for 1992. He says
his firm has 15 stock issues in the pipeline, valued at
roughly $2.5 billion.
   The continued growth of the mortgage-backed and
asset-backed markets has sparked some controversy. In
particular, the soaring volume in the mortgage-backed market,
which boosted the rankings of firms such as General Electric
Co.'s Kidder, Peabody & Co. unit, has spurred complaints from
rivals that the market shouldn't even be included because it
typically doesn't raise capital for corporations. Kidder
finished No. 5 in the overall rankings almost solely because
of its $43.37 billion in mortgage-backed underwritings (a
17.4% market share). Lehman Brothers also helped its overall
ranking through a big boost in mortgage-backed activity.
   In contrast, the three major firms that slipped in the
overall rankings in 1991 -- CS First Boston's First Boston
Corp., Morgan Stanley and Salomon Brothers -- all did less
than half the amount of mortgage-backed activity generated by
Kidder. Not surprisingly, bankers at these firms grouse about
the methods used in the underwriting tables.
   One of the year's biggest growth areas, notes IDD
Information Services, was preferred stock, a security
classified as a stock but that pays fixed dividends like a
bond. With the huge preferred issues sold by Ford Motor and
General Motors Corp., "the preferred market opened up for
industrial companies" to complement the traditional
preferred-stock issuance by banks and closed-end funds, says
Roger M. Vasey, executive vice president and head of debt
markets at Merrill Lynch.
   Morgan Stanley's hot product, PERCs (preferred equity
redemption cumulative stock), accounted for a quarter of all
preferred-stock volume, says IDD. These included the GM deal,
as well as those for Kmart, Texas Instruments Inc., RJR
Nabisco, Aon Corp. and Tenneco Inc.
   But is the preferred-stock boom running out of gas?
Perhaps.
   "I think the big question is: How deep is the market for
the product?" says John Griff, a Lehman Brothers executive
vice president and bond syndicate manager. Wall Street "sold
an awful lot of preferred stock in '91," he notes, suggesting
that future demand will be limited.
   Despite its PERCs success, Morgan Stanley slipped a notch
in the rankings. Morgan Stanley bankers insist they're not
bothered by the drop, because it reflects the heavy
mortgage-backed underwriting of other firms. "We view it as a
record year; we don't view it as a slip," says Mark A.
Seigal, a Morgan Stanley managing director. He adds: "We want
to do quality business, not quantity."
   Overall, executives on both the stock and bond sides of
Wall Street say there's still plenty of demand for new issues
in 1992, whether interest rates continue to fall or not.
   While things are lethargic for stock issuance at the
moment, many underwriters expect the lethargy to lift by late
January or early February (partly as some deals that were
shelved after the Nov. 15 stock market plunge get
resuscitated). Meanwhile, bond underwriters point to the
large amount of debt maturing in 1992 that could need to be
refinanced with new bonds. "There's $72 billion of debt
that's callable and/or refundable in '92 versus $48 billion
in '91," says Merrill's Mr. Vasey. "That's a large potential
source of corporate funding."
   In fact, Lehman's Mr. Griff even anticipates that bond
underwriters could be swamped with six months of financing
activity in just the first two months of 1992, assuming
interest rates stay stable or move slightly lower. "We're not
planning any vacations," he vows.
   ---
         The Biggest Corporate Financings of 1991
                                                                                                       

   DEBT
                                                                                                       

                                                  AMOUNT
                                                  RAISED
   ISSUER                         DATE      (In millions)
                                                                                                       

   RJR Nabisco Holdings           April 18      $1,500.0
   Republic Nat. Bank             Dec. 19        1,500.0

   Morgan Guaranty Trust          Dec. 18        1,000.0
   Hydro-Quebec                   Jan. 30          900.0
   Wal-Mart Stores                April 1          750.0
   World Bank                     Sept. 20         750.0
   Ontario                        Oct. 9           750.0
   Chevron Prof./Savings          Oct. 3           750.0
   Nat. Westminster Bk.           April 25         750.0
   Student Loan Mktg.             May 30           750.0
   GTE                            March 5          700.0
   Federal Nat. Mtge.             Dec. 19          700.0
   AT&T                           Dec. 5           676.0
   General Motors                 March 6          600.0
   Ontario Hydro                  Sept. 13         549.6
   Student Loan Mktg.             April 25         500.0
   Student Loan Mktg.             Nov. 14          500.0
   Federal Nat. Mtge.             Nov. 26          500.0
   Student Loan Mktg.             Dec. 17          500.0
   GM Acceptance                  Dec. 4           500.0
   Student Loan Mktg.             Nov. 29          500.0
   Student Loan Mktg.             Nov. 21          500.0
   Fed. Home Loan Banks           Sept. 26         500.0
   Student Loan Mktg.             June 10          500.0
                                                                                                       

   EQUITY
                                                                                                       

   Nuveen Insured Muni            Sept. 19      $1,125.0
   Telefonos de Mexico            May 13         1,090.0
   Dillard Dep't Stores           April 3          788.5
   RJR Nabisco Holdings           April 11         776.3
   Nuveen Qual Inc Muni           June 19          750.0
   British Telecom                Dec. 9           714.7
   MBNA                           Jan. 22          689.3
   Owens-Illinois                 Dec. 11          528.0
   Healthtrust Inc.               Dec. 12          511.0
   Blackstone 1998                April 23         510.0
   ConAgra                        Sept. 26         506.5
   National Health Labs           April 30         500.5
   Reader's Digest                June 10          498.8
   Exel                           July 18          487.2
   Blackstone N.A. Gov't          Dec. 20          480.0
   Goodyear                       Nov. 13          465.0
   Nuveen Select Muni             March 21         450.0
   MuniYield Fund                 Nov. 21          450.0
   Jundt Growth Fund              Aug. 23          435.0
   Delta Air Lines                April 8          415.5
   Blackstone Muni                Sept. 20         400.0
   Westinghouse Electric          May 9            397.5
   Lakehead Pipe Line             Dec. 19          373.9
   Duracell International         May 1            365.6
   News Corp.                     Dec. 13          341.7
                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co.
                                                                                                       

                Who's Is 1 in Each Market?
                                                                                                       

                                FULL-YEAR 1991

                           AMOUNT         TOP RANKED
   BUYER                (in billion)        MANAGER
                                                                                                       

 U.S. Domestic            $580.60        Merrill Lynch
 Straight debt             498.16        Merrill Lynch
 Convertible debt            7.40        Merrill Lynch
 Junk debt**                13.47        Merrill Lynch
 Invest-grade debt         193.74        Merrill Lynch
 Mortgage debt             244.66        Kidder Peabody
 Asset-backed debt          46.60        First Boston
 Collat. securities        292.63        Kidder Peabody
 Preferred stock            20.13        Morgan Stanley
 Common stock               54.83        Goldman Sachs
 IPOs                       24.30        Alex. Brown
 Closed-end funds            9.20        Alex. Brown
 Int'l debt                260.83        Nomura
 Int'l equity               12.02        Goldman Sachs
 World-wide issues         853.40        Merrill Lynch
 U.S. Issuers***           588.07        Merrill Lynch
 Muni new issues           162.80        Goldman Sachs
                                                                                                       

                                  FULL-YEAR 1990
                                                                                                       

 U.S. Domestic            $312.11        Merrill Lynch
 Straight debt             283.63        Merrill Lynch
 Convertible debt            4.75        Merrill Lynch
 Junk debt**                 1.82        Merrill Lynch
 Invest-grade debt         106.72        Merrill Lynch
 Mortgage debt             133.94        Kidder Peabody
 Asset-backed debt          40.08        Merrill Lynch
 Collat. securities        180.62        Goldman Sachs
 Preferred stock             4.57        Merrill Lynch
 Common stock               19.16        Alex. Brown
 IPOs                       10.13        Alex. Brown
 Closed-end funds            5.59        Alex. Brown
 Int'l debt                184.31        Nomura
 Int'l equity                7.35        CS First Boston
 World-wide issues         503.77        Merrill Lynch
 U.S. Issuers***           313.39        Merrill Lynch
 Muni new issues           124.80        Merrill Lynch
                                                                                                       

   *All managers
   **Includes convertible and noncovertible debt
   ***World-wide
                                                                                                       

   Source: IDD Information Services Inc.