Debts of Japanese
   Securities Firms
   Are Downgraded
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The downgrades include Nomura Securities, to double-A-2
from triple-A, affecting $1 billion in debt; Nikko
Securities, to single-A-1 from double-A-2, affecting $200
million in debt; Daiwa Securities, to double-A-3 from
double-A-2, affecting $800 million in debt; and Yamaichi
Securities, to single-A-1 from double-A-2, affecting $100
million in debt.
   Moody's said Nomura has ample capital and liquidity and
acceptable risk controls, which will continue to provide
important support for creditors. But it added the weakness in
the Japanese securities market and the effects of the
financial scandals have contributed to a significant decline
in profitability of Nikko Securities, adding that its future
profit may be restrained. Moody's added that Nikko's fixed
cost base has grown in recent years and could be difficult to
reduce.
   Moody's said Nikko is acceptably capitalized on a
risk-adjusted basis, has good liquidity and its economic
capital is enhanced by undervalued securities investments.
   Daiwa's fixed cost base has grown significantly, Moody's
said, and future profit could also be restrained by lower
commission levels in Japan and by increased competition.
Expansion into new areas will entail costly infrastructure
development and pose additional control challenges.
   It said Daiwa has a healthy capital position and liquidity
will continue to provide important debtholder protection.
   Yamaichi is expected to make substantial strategic and
structural changes, which may result in charges to earnings,
Moody's said. But the steps could improve long-run
competitiveness. It said Yamaichi has acceptable capital and
good liquidity.
   It added that Yamaichi is relatively reliant on its
wholesale business and is particularly vulnerable to
increased competition in that area. Expanding retail
clientele could be a slow process, it said.