New Securities Issues
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of
debentures, due Jan. 21, 1999, was won by First Boston Corp.
and will be reoffered to investors at par to yield 6.86%. The
debentures, which are noncallable for one year, were priced
at a spread of 27 basis points above the Treasury's sevenyear
note.
   J.P. Morgan  Co. -- $250 million of 5 3/8% notes, due
Jan. 21, 1995, was priced at 99.79 to yield 5.452%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 20 basis points
above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated double-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and triple-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through Kidder Peabody 
Co.
   Bankers Trust New York Corp. -- $200 million of 7 1/2%
subordinated notes, due Jan. 15, 2002, was priced at 99.348
to yield 7.59%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread
of 72 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
single-A-2 by Moody's and double-A-minus by SP, the issue
will be sold through Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Chesapeake  Potomac Co. of Virginia -- A $200 million
two-part issue of debentures was priced through underwriters
led by Salomon Brothers Inc. The first part, which consists
of $100 million of 7 1/8% debentures, due Jan. 15, 2002, was
priced at 99.33 to yield 7.22%. The noncallable debentures
were priced at a spread of 33 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. The second part, which consists of
$100 million of 7 7/8% debentures due Jan. 15, 2022, was
priced at 98.696 to yield 7.99%. The noncallable debentures
were priced at a spread of 51 basis points above the
Treasury's 30-year bond. The issue is rated triple-A by
Moody's and double-A-plus by SP. Chesapeake  Potomoc is a
unit of Bell Atlantic Corp.
   Florida Power  Light Co. -- A two-part $175 million issue
of first mortgage bonds was priced through underwriters led
by Salomon Brothers Inc. The first part, which consists of
$75 million of 7 7/8% first mortgage bonds, due Jan. 1, 2007,
was priced at 99.888 to yield 7.887%. The bonds, which are
non-refundable for five years, were priced at a spread of 98
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. The second
part, which consists of $100 million of first mortgage bonds,
Jan. 1, 2022, was priced at par to yield 8.50%. The bonds,
which are non-refundable for five years, were priced at a
spread of 102 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond.
The issue is rated single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A by SP.
   Polaroid Corp -- $150 million of 7 1/4% notes, due Jan.
15, 1997, was priced at 99.30 to yield 7.42%. The noncallable
notes were priced at a spread of 123 basis points above the
Treasury's five-year note. Rated Baa-3 by Moody's and
triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Puget Sound Power  Light Co. -- $100 million of first
mortgage medium-term notes, due Feb. 1, 2007, was priced at
par to yield 7.75%. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 86 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
Rated single-A-3 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the
issue will be sold through underwriters led by Kidder,
Peabody  Co.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   City of Winnipeg (Canada) -- $100 million (Canadian) of 8
7/8% bonds maturing Feb. 19, 2002, was priced at 99.75 to
yield 8.913%, or 94.5 basis points over the 8.5% government
of Canada bond maturing April 2002. Wood Gundy Inc. is the
underwriter.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $750 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage
securities was offered by Bear, Stearns  Co. The offering,
Series 1992-19, is backed by Fannie Mae's 8% mortgage
securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage
securities was offered by Daiwa Securities America Inc. The
offering, Series 1992-20, is backed by Fannie Mae's 15-year
8% mortgage securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage securities
is being offered by Merrill Lynch  Co. The offering, Series
1992-21, is backed by stripped Fannie Mae's 8% mortgage
securities from Stripped Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust
120.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kingdom of Norway (sovereign) -- One billion marks of 8
1/4% bonds due Feb. 3, 1997, at 102 1/4 to yield 7.69% via
Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 2.
   Finance for Danish Industry (Denmark) -- 200 million marks
of 8 3/8% bonds due Feb. 5, 1999, at 101 7/8 via Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale in Duesseldorf. Fees 2 1/4.
   Ontario Hydro (Canada) -- C$1.5 billion of global 8 5/8%
bonds due Feb. 6, 2002, at 99.35 to yield 8.72%, a spread of
74 basis points above the Canadian government's comparable
10-year bond. Lead managers are Goldman Sachs, IBJ
International, Merrill Lynch  Co., RBC Dominion Securities
and Scotia McLeod Inc. Guaranteed by province of Ontario.
Fees 0.375.
   MBL Finance Curacao NV (Japanese parent) -- $780 million
of 7% Eurobonds due Jan. 21, 2002, at an issue price of par
via Mitsubushi Finance International. Guaranteed by
Mitsubishi Bank Ltd. on a subordinated basis. Callable at par
from Jan. 21, 1997, onward. Fees 2.
   Deutsche Bank Finance N.V. Curacao (German parent) --
C$250 million of 7 1/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 18, 1997, at an
issue price of 99.005 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd.
Reoffered at 97.38 to yield 7.90% annually, a spread of 30
basis points above the comparable Canadian government issue.
Guaranteed by Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 1 7/8.
   Credit National (France) -- Two billion French francs of 8
3/4% Eurobonds due Feb. 17, 1999, at an issue price of
100.915 via Credit Commercial de France. Reoffered at 99.34
to yield 8.88% annually, a spread of 40 basis points above
the comparable French government issue. Fees 1 7/8.
   Credit Lyonnais (France) -- $250 million of 5 3/4%
Eurobonds due Feb. 6, 1995, at an initially fixed offer price
of 99.82 via Credit Lyonnais. Reoffered at 99.82 to yield
5.82%, a margin of 0.56 point above the comparable U.S.
Treasury note yield. Fees 1/4.
   Kingdom of Denmark (sovereign) -- $200 million of
Eurobonds due Feb. 28, 1997, with a coupon of 6 3/8% at an
issue price of 101.225 via Swiss Bank Corp. Reoffered at
99.60 to yield 6.47%, a spread of 20 basis points above the
five-year U.S. Treasury note yield. Fees 1 7/8.
   Honda Motor Co. (Japan) -- 30 billion yen of 6% Eurobonds
due Jan. 28, 1999, at issue price 101.5 via Nikko Europe Ltd.
Reoffered to investors intially at a fixed price of 99.95 to
yield 6.01%. Fees 1 7/8. Separately, 30 billion yen of 5.9%
Eurobonds due Jan. 28, 1997, at issue price 101.5 via Nomura
International PLC. Reoffered at 99.95 to yield 5.91%. Fees 1
7/8.
   Britannia Building Society (U.K.) -- #60 million by
placing undated mandatorily convertible subordinated notes
via Hoare Govett Corporate Finance Ltd. and Salomon Brothers
International. Convertible into permanent interest bearing
shares, the notes pay interest semiannually at 13% and have
an issue price of 100.423 to yield 3.60 points above the U.K.
Treasury's 9% bonds due 2008. Fees 1 3/8.