New Securities Issues
Public Service Electric  Gas Co. -- $100 million issue of
first and refunding mortgage bonds, due Feb. 1, 2000, was won
in competitive bidding by a group led by Salomon Brothers
Inc. and was reoffered at par to yield 7.625%. The
noncallable bonds were priced at a spread of 60 basis points
above the Treasury's seven-year note. The Salomon group won
the bonds with a bid of 99.667 for a 7 5/8% coupon which
resulted in a net interest cost to the company of 7.68%. The
issue is rated single-A-2 by Moody's Investors Service Inc.
and single-A by Standard  Poor's Corp. Public Service
Electric  Gas is a subsidiary of Public Service Enterprise
Group Inc.
   Public Service Electric  Gas Co. -- $150 million issue of
first and refunding mortgage bonds, due Feb. 1, 2022, was won
in competitive bidding by a group led by First Boston Corp.
and was reoffered as 8 3/4% at 99.75 to yield 8.773%. The
bonds, noncallable for five years, were priced at a spread of
87 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. The issue
is rated single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A by SP.
   Greyhound Financial Corp. -- $175 million issue of senior
notes, due Feb. 27, 2002, was priced at par to yield 9.125%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 172 basis
points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated Baa-2 by
Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Baxter International Inc. -- $100 million issue of senior
amortizing notes, due March 11, 1997, was priced as 6 1/4% at
99.816 to yield 6.33%. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 80 basis points above a point on the Treasury yield
curve between the two-year and five-year note. Because of the
issue's amortizing structure, debt will be retired
periodically before maturity, giving the issue a weighted
average life of 2.525 years. Rated single-A-3 by Moody's and
single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
   General Host Corp. -- $60 million issue of convertible
senior notes, due Feb. 15, 2002, was priced at par to yield
8%. The notes are convertible into common at $10.375 a share,
representing a 20.3% conversion premium over yesterday's
closing price. Rated single-B-3 by Moody's and single-B by
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Smith
Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
                                                                                                       

                       EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   NationsBank Corp. -- Seven million common shares were
priced at $45 a share through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch.
   First Commonwealth Fund Inc. -- Initial public offering of
7.85 million common shares was priced at $15 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch. The size of the issue was
increased from four million shares.
   Sears, Roebuck  Co. -- An issue of 25 million depositary
shares was priced at $43 a share with a $3.75 dividend to
yield 8.72%. Each depositary share represents 1/4 share of
preferred equity redemption cumulative stock, or PERCs, a
Morgan Stanley  Co. trademark product. Morgan Stanley was
one of the underwriters of the offering by Sears. The
depositary shares, rated single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A
by SP, will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman,
Sachs  Co.
   Blackstone Insured Municipal Term Trust Inc. -- An initial
public offering of 22.5 million common shares was priced at
$10 a share through underwriters led by PaineWebber. The size
of the offering was increased from an originally planned 10
million common shares.
   Access Health Marketing Inc. -- Initial public offering of
two million common shares was priced at $7 a share through
underwriters led by Alex. Brown  Sons Inc.
                                                                                                       

                      MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Delaware -- $77.5 million improvement general obligation
bonds, Series 1992 A, due March 1, 1993-2012, apparently were
won by a B.T. Securities Corp. group with a bid setting the
true interest cost at 5.9327%. The bonds, rated double-A by
Moody's and double-A-plus by SP, were priced for reoffering
to yield from 3.00% in 1993 to 6.50% in 2012.
   Harris County, Texas -- $88.7 million toll road, unlimited
tax and subordinate lien revenue refunding bonds have been
priced by a Smith Barney group. The issue consists of the
following two parts: $69.8 million Series A bonds and $18.9
million Series B bonds. Yields were set at 5.80% on the zero
coupon bonds due in 1997 to 6.80% on zeros due in 2007-08.
Moody's has rated the term bonds due in 2015 double-A; SP
has given those securities a double-A-plus rating. The
zerocoupon bonds are insured by the Financial Guaranty
Insurance Co. and carry triple-A ratings from both Moody's
and SP.
   Harris County, Texas -- $360 million Toll Road Authority
senior-lien revenue bonds have been priced by a Smith Barney
group. The issue is in two parts: $301.6 million Series 1992A
bonds and $58.4 million Series 1992B bonds. Overall, yields
on the issue range from 5.70% in 1999 to 6.90% in 2017. The
issue carries triple-A ratings from both Moody's and SP.
Bonds due in 1999-2007 and 2011 are insured by the Financial
Guaranty Insurance Co.; bonds due in 2017 are insured by
Ambac Indemnity Corp.
                                                                                                       

                       AGENCY
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $182 million issue of
consolidated debentures, due Feb. 28, 1995, was priced at par
to yield 5.97%. The consolidated debentures, noncallable for
one year, were priced at a spread of 19 basis points above
the Treasury's three-year note.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $57 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 28, 1997, was priced at par to yield 6.97%. The notes,
noncallable for one year, were priced at a spread of 30 basis
points above the Treasury's five-year note. The issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
   Federal Home Loan Banks -- $170 million issue of notes,
due Feb. 28, 1994, was priced at par to yield 5.35%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of four basis
points above the Treasury's when-issued two-year note. The
issue will be sold through Lehman Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                       OTHER U.S.
                                                                                                       

   New Jersey University of Medicine and Dentistry -- $69.4
million Series E bonds have been priced by a Donaldson Lufkin
 Jenrette Securities Corp. group. Yields were set at 3% in
1992 to 6.75% in 2018. The issue has been rated single-A by
Moody's and double-A by SP.

                        EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kingdom of Spain (sovereign) -- 125 billion yen of 5 3/4%
Eurobonds due March 23, 2002, at a fixed initial offer price
of 99.20 via Nomura International PLC. Yield 5.858% (annual)
at initial price, margin 0.27 point above the Japanese
government's 6 1/2% due 2001. Fees 0.325.
   Kingdom of Belgium (sovereign) -- auctioned 2.35 billion
Belgian francs of 9 1/4% bonds due Jan. 2, 1998, at an
average yield of 8.867%, 12.82 billion francs of 9% bonds due
June 27, 2001, at an average yield of 8.758% and 38.66
billion francs of 8 1/2% bonds due Oct. 1, 2007, at an
average yield of 8.689%.
   European Community (supranational) -- 490 million European
currency units of 8 5/8% Eurobonds due Dec. 15, 1997, at
initial fixed offer price of 100.65 via Morgan Stanley
International. Yield 8.47% at initial offer price. Fees 1/4.
   General Electric Capital Corp. (U.S.) -- 75 million ECU of
9 1/4% Euro-medium term notes due March 4, 1994 at issue
price 101.075 via UBS Phillips  Drew. Offered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 100.10. Fees 1 1/8.
   Nordic Investment Bank (supranational) -- 7.5 billion
Spanish pesetas of 10 1/2% Matador bonds due March 6, 1997,
at issue price 101.55 via Banco Bilbao Vizcaya. Fees 1 5/8.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   A $60 MILLION ISSUE of General Host Corp. convertible
subordinated notes was priced through underwriters led by
Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co. The notes were described
incorrectly in Friday's edition.
   (WSJ Feb. 24, 1992)