FDIC Rejects Two Bids for Crossland,
   Puts Up $1.2 Billion of Its Own Capital
   ----
   By Neil Barsky and Kenneth H. Bacon
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
On Friday afternoon, the FDIC closed CrossLand's 49 New
York-area branches for one hour, while the assets and
deposits of CrossLand Savings FSB were transferred to a new
federally chartered thrift called CrossLand Federal Savings
Bank.
   The FDIC's usual policy is to sell a failed institution to
a healthy bank for a small premium, and then to indemnify the
purchaser against loss on the failed bank's non-performing
loan portfolio.
   By injecting its own money and managing the "new"
CrossLand, the agency is making a bold -- and risky -- bet
that it will save money by trying to restore it to health
rather than selling it in a more traditional transaction.
   The FDIC's Mr. Taylor said two bids, believed to be from
Chase Manhattan Corp. and Republic New York Corp., would have
actually cost the FDIC more than the the current plan. "This
is the least costly alternative available to us," he said. Of
the $1.2 billion, about $800 million will be used to reserve
for existing bad debts and the remainder will boost the
thrift's capital.
   The danger, said bank analysts, is that while the FDIC
operates CrossLand, the market for its valued branch system
continues to worsen.
   "I question what they gain by delaying the sale," said
banking analyst Bert Ely. "They're kidding themselves if they
think the bids will get better."
   Mr. Taylor said the government would operate CrossLand for
a limited time, and he hoped to get what was once the
country's 14th largest thrift in private hands in one or two
years.
   The FDIC also named H.F. Ahmanson  Co. executive vice
president Richard A. Kraemer as chairman of the new bank.
   The FDIC action does have some precedents. In 1984, the
government decided to take over failing Continental Illinois
Bank  Trust Co. and pump $4.5 billion into it. The rescue
worked. After the FDIC sold its remaining block of stock in
the Chicago bank last year, the rescue ended up costing about
$800 million.
   By rejecting outside bids for CrossLand, analysts said the
government was sending signals to the banking community that
it wouldn't settle for offers it felt were out of line with
today's values.
   "If the only alternative the FDIC has is to close it down
and liquidate, then almost any bid makes sense," said William
Isaac, who heads Secura Group, a Washington bank consulting
firm, and who was FDIC chairman during the Continental
Illinois bailout. After the CrossLand transaction, "bidders
aren't going to feel that they have an option to buy things
at fire-sale prices," he said.
   With the federal takeover, CrossLand becomes the largest
thrift whose failure can be blamed directly on the New York
City real estate slump. CrossLand stockholders will
essentially be wiped out and hold no stake in the new thrift.
   Mr. Taylor said it was too early to tell how much
CrossLand's failure would cost the government but that the
number would be at least $500 million. "We hope it will be
somewhere below $1 billion," he said.
   As of year-end 1990, nearly half of CrossLand's loans were
in higher risk real estate investments and acquisition,
development and construction loans.
   For the first three quarters of 1991, CrossLand posted
losses of $308 million, while its asset base shrank from
$11.7 billion to $9.2 billion. The assets shrank further with
the November sale of 25 CrossLand offices in Washington and
Oregon to Washington Mutual Savings Bank. At the end of the
third quarter, CrossLand's nonperforming assets stood at
$1.55 billion.