Get Ready to Send Him Your Old
   Ivory Brooches and Alligator Bags
   ----
   By Carrie Dolan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In addition to being tax deductions, the donations help
people "resolve feelings of conflict," says Dr. Katz. They
allow people to "get rid of the terrible skeletons they've
had in their closets for so many years."
   Dr. Katz says: "We discovered people were embarrassed to
admit {they owned fur}. They had these for years, but didn't
tell anybody. They didn't know the costs involved when they
received them. They were ashamed." Reformed fur addicts need
"compassion and understanding."
   June Josey, a self-described "former fur junkie," says she
had been "purchasing fur all my life." She grew up in Dallas,
where "it was a sign of wealth. Every woman wanted one."
   Now that she's "more aware of the plight of animals," she
decided it was time to shed her collection. She gave away 15
furs valued at $50,000. "I was kind of embarrassed to go in,"
she says. "I was afraid they'd make fun of me. But everybody
was so nice about it." Being fur-free is fun, she says,
though "not as warm. Sometimes I don't know what to wear.
Cloth coats are not quite the same."
   Cast-off furs will be used in demonstrations intended to
"parody those who think they look beautiful in fur," says Dr.
Katz. In the past, group members calling themselves "The
Vicious Vixens," have ridden around San Francisco in cable
cars, wearing too much makeup and flaunting furs. In Defense
of Animals contends "furs have gone out of style due to
publicity about the fur trade's cruelty to animals."
   That's "so untrue," says a spokeswoman for the Fur
Information Council of America. Fur sales have fallen, she
says, but "totally" because of sluggish economic conditions.
"The public still loves fur. It's a great fashion thing." And
as for the claims of animal activists, she says, "people are
really tired of them. It's been beaten to death."