New Securities Issues
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $640 million of
three-month Treasury bill floating-rate debentures, due Jan.
27, 1993, was priced with an initial yield of five basis
points above the bond equivalent yield on the three-month
Treasury bill. The noncallable debentures will be offered at
variable prices. The issue will be sold through underwriters
at Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Rhone-Poulenc S.A. -- $500 million of 7 3/4% notes, due
Jan. 15, 2002, was priced at 99.313 to yield 7.85%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 80 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-2 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led
by Bear, Stearns  Co.
   Paramount Communications Inc. -- $250 million of notes,
due Jan. 15, 2002, was won in competitive bidding by First
Boston Corp. and was priced with a 7 1/2% coupon at 98.281 to
yield 7.75%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of
75 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. The issue
is rated single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A by SP.
   Safeway Inc. -- $250 million of senior subordinated notes,
due Jan. 15, 2004, was priced at par to yield 9.65%. Rated
Ba-3 by Moody's and single-B-plus by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   General Electric Capital Corp. -- $200 million of notes,
due Jan. 15, 1995, was priced with a 5 5/8% coupon at 99.811
to yield 5.694%. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 30 basis points above the Treasury's three-year
note. Rated triple-A by both Moody's and by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
GE Capital is a subsidiary of General Electric Co.
   Dayton Hudson Corp. -- $200 million of debentures, due
Jan. 15, 2012, was priced with an 8.60% coupon at 99 7/8 to
yield 8.613%. The noncallable debentures were priced at a
spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond.
Rated single-A-3 by Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
   Citizens Utilities Co. -- $100 million of debentures, due
Jan. 15, 2004, was priced with a 7.45% coupon at 99.76 to
yield 7.48%. The noncallable debentures were priced at a
spread of 47 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
Rated double-A-1 by Moody's and triple-A by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Michaels Stores Inc. -- Three million common shares were
priced at $19 a share through underwriters led by First
Boston Corp.
   Mutual Risk Management Ltd. -- An issue of 2.4 million
common shares was priced at $36.25 a share through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co. The size of the
issue was increased from an originally planned 2.15 million
shares.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Chicago Board of Education -- $292.9 million general
obligation lease certificates, due Jan. 1, 2006-2011, 2015,
2016, and 2020, with capital appreciation bonds due 2006,
were priced by a First Chicago Capital Markets Inc. group to
yield from 6.20% in 2006 to 6.50% in 2020. Capital
appreciation, or zero-coupon bonds maturing in 2006 also are
priced to yield 6.50% to maturity. Current interest serial
bonds are priced to yield from 6.20% in 2006 to 6.42% in
2011. There are $81.2 million term bonds priced with a 6.25%
coupon at 97.97 to yield 6.47% in 2015. There are $22 million
term bonds priced with a 6% coupon at 94.31 to yield 6.47% in
2016. There are $101.9 million term bonds priced with a 6%
coupon at 93.59 to yield 6.50% in 2020. Zero-coupon bonds are
priced to yield to maturity to 6.50%. The bonds are insured
by MBIA Corp. and rated triple-A by both Moody's and SP.
   North Carolina Medical Care Commission -- $86.2 million
hospital revenue bonds, (North Carolina Baptist Hospitals
Project issue), Series 1992 A, due June, 1, 1992-2001, 2010,
2017, and 2022, with capital appreciation bonds due
2002-2006, were tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc.
group to yield from 3% in 1992 to 6.50% in 2017. Current
interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3% in 1992 to
5.60% in 2001. There are $10.4 million 6 1/4% term bonds
priced to yield 6.35%. There are $25.6 million term bonds
priced with a 6.38% coupon to yield 6.50%. There are $26.1
million 6% term bonds priced to yield 6.45%. Capital
appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 5.90%
in 2002 to 6.25% in 2006. The bonds are rated double-A by
Moody's and double-A-minus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage securities was
offered by First Boston Corp. The offering, Series Gold 1210,
is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8% mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $400 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage securities was
offered by Citicorp. The offering, Series Gold 1207, is
backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8% mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit mortgage securities is
being offered by PaineWebber Inc. The offering, Series Gold
1209, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   KFW International Finance Inc. (Delaware) (German parent)
-- $300 million of 7 1/2% eurobonds due Feb. 27, 2007 at an
initially fixed offer price of 98.91 via Deutsche Bank
Capital Markets Ltd. Yield 7.62% annually at the offer price,
a margin of 0.45 above the U.S. Treasury's 7 1/2% issue due
November 2001. Guaranteed by Kreditanstalt Fuer Weideraufbau.
Fees 0.40.
   ABB International Finance NV (Swedish parent) -- $200
million of 6 3/8% eurobonds due Feb. 20, 1996, at an issue
price of 101 via Morgan Stanley International PLC. Reoffered
at 99.625 to yield 6.48% annually, a spread of 50 basis
points above the Treasury's three-year and five-year note
blend. Keepwell agreement from ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd.
Fees 1 5/8.
   Helaba International Finance PLC (Dublin) (German parent)
-- $200 million of 6 3/8% eurobonds due Feb.20, 1996, at an
issue price of 101.425 via Nomura International PLC.
Reoffered at par at a spread of 38.15 basis points above the
Treasury curve. Guaranteed by Hessische Landesbank
Girozentral of Frankfurt, Germany. Fees 1 5/8.
   Finnish Export Credit (Finland) -- $200 million of 5 3/4%
eurobonds due Feb. 13, 1995 at issue price 100.805 via Lehman
Brothers International. Offered to investors intially at a
fixed price of 99.63 to yield 5.89%, spread 0.425 above the
comparable U.S. Treasury. Fees 1 3/8.
   Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. (Brazil) -- $250 million of 10%
eurobonds due Jan. 29, 1993, at an issue price of 100.52 via
Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd. Yield 9.41% at maturity, a
spread of 500 basis points above the Treasury's one year
security. Fees 1.
   Kommunekredit (Denmark) -- $150 million of 7 1/4%
eurobonds due Feb. 18, 1999 at issue price 101.425 via Nomura
International PLC. Reoffered at a fixed price of 99.85 to
yield 7.28%, a margin of 0.37 point above the comparable
Treasury. Fees 1 7/8.
   Mobil New Zealand Finance Corp. (U.S. parent) -- $75
million (Canadian) of 8 1/4% eurobonds due Feb. 12, 1997 at
issue price 101.425 via Lehman Brothers International.
Reoffered to investors intially at a fixed price of 99 7/8 to
yield 8.28%, a margin of 0.41 above the (semi-annual) yield
on the Canadian government's 8 1/4% issue due March 1997.
Guaranteed by Mobil Corp. Fees 1 7/8.
   European Investment Bank (supranational) -- One billion
Swedish kronor of 10% eurobonds due Feb. 26, 1999, at an
issue price of 101.5 to yield 10.03% annually after
discounting fees via SE Banken Ltd. Fees 1 5/8. Separately,
500 billion lire of 10 1/2% eurobonds due Feb. 7, 2002 at
issue price 101 7/8 via Monte dei Paschi di Siena. Yield 10
1/2% (annual) after discounting 1 7/8 fees.
   Banco Nacional de Comercio Exterior (BNCE) (Mexico) -- 10
billion pesetas of 13% "Matador" bonds due Jan. 29, 1997 at
issue price par via Banco Santander de Negocios. Yield 13
1/2% after discounting 1 3/4 fees.
   Union Industrielle de Credit (France) -- 150 million marks
of 8 1/4% bonds due Feb. 18, 1999 at 101 3/4 to yield 7.91%
via Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale. Fees 2 1/4.