International:
   IBM Japanese Unit
   To Reduce Salaries
   Of About 30 Officials
In addition, salary increases for about 300 executives in
the Japanese unit will be put on hold for the time being, the
spokeswoman said. The pay cuts and the freeze on pay
increases will continue until the unit's performance outlook
improves.
   "Our performance is getting worse, so we have to clarify
management responsibility," the spokeswoman said.
   The move follows an announcement Jan. 17 that the Armonk,
N.Y., parent company had a fourth-quarter loss of $1.38
billion. IBM also said that it plans to eliminate 15,000 to
20,000 more jobs.
   Separately, IBM said it will close a microchip factory in
Manassas, Va., over the next seven months. IBM said all 725
of the factory's employees will retire, resign or be
relocated within IBM. The company attributed the shutdown to
improved chip manufacturing processes at other facilities.
The Manassas plant had been used for orders that IBM chip
plants in Burlington, Vt., and Fishkill, N.Y., couldn't
handle.
   While IBM's Japanese unit hasn't been hit as hard as its
parent, analysts said that sluggish sales of hardware are
expected to cause a drop in revenue and pretax profit for
1991. IBM Japan, which releases its financial results only
annually, is expected to announce its 1991 figures in March.
   In 1990, IBM Japan recorded pretax profit of 154.38
billion yen ($1.25 billion), down from 194.88 billion yen in
1989. Revenue was 1.326 trillion yen, up from 1.312 trillion
yen.
   Furthermore, the unit, conceding that it concentrated too
heavily on sales of large mainframes, last month announced a
restructuring plan to allow more independence to individual
management sectors and vowed to bolster sales of personal
computers.