New Securities Issues
Virginia Electric  Power Co. -- $680 million, three-part
issue of first mortgage bonds, priced through underwriters
led by Merrill Lynch  Co. The first part, consisting of $180
million of first mortgage bonds, due March 1, 1995, was
priced as 6 3/8% at 99.75 to yield 6.468%. The noncallable
bonds were priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the
Treasury's three-year note. The second part, consisting of
$250 million of first mortgage bonds, due March 1, 1997, was
priced as 7 1/4% at 99.463 to yield 7.38%. The noncallable
bonds were priced at a spread of 60 basis points above the
Treasury's when-issued five-year note. The third part,
consisting of $250 million of first mortgage bonds, due March
1, 2004, was priced as 8% at 99.065 to yield 8.123%. The
noncallable bonds were priced at a spread of 68 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. The issue is rated
single-A-2 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by
Standard  Poor's Corp.
   International Specialty Products Inc. -- $200 million of
senior notes, due March 1, 1999, priced at par to yield 9%.
The noncallable senior notes were priced at a spread of 193
basis points above the Treasury's seven-year note. Rated
Baa-3 by Moody's and double-B-plus by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   NBD Bancorp Inc. -- $200 million of subordinated notes,
due March 1, 2002, priced as 8.10% at 99.911 to yield 8.113%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 70 basis
points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and double-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Consolidated Edison Co. of New York -- $125 million of
debentures, Series C, due Jan. 15, 2000, priced as 7.60% at
99.923 to yield 7.615%. The noncallable debentures were
priced at a spread of 40 basis points above the Treasury's
eight-year note. Rated double-A-2 by Moody's and
double-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
   Harnischfeger Industries Inc. -- $75 million of
debentures, due March 1, 2022, priced at par to yield 8.90%.
The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 97
basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated Baa-1
by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   California -- $2 billion of revenue anticipation notes,
due June 30, 1992, priced by a Lehman Brothers group to yield
2.65%. The coupon rate on the notes is 3.25%. The bonds carry
the highest short-term ratings of MIG-1 from Moody's and
SP-1-plus from SP.
   New York Local Government Assistance Corp. -- $336.7
million of sales tax revenue bonds, Series 1992, due April 1,
1993-2008, 2012, 2019 and 2021, priced by a Morgan Stanley 
Co. group to yield from 3.60% in 1993 to 7.18% in 2021.
Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.60%
in 1993 to 7.05% in 2008. There are $50.2 million term bonds
priced as 7% at 98.75 to yield 7.12% in 2012. There are
$127.8 million term bonds priced as 6.88% at 96.72 to yield
7.15% in 2019. There are $48.9 million term bonds priced as
7.13% at 99.38 to yield 7.18% in 2021. The bonds are rated
single-A by Moody's and SP.
   Cleveland -- $289.3 million of waterworks improvement
first mortgage revenue and refunding revenue bonds, Series F,
1992 A and 1992 B, due Jan. 1, 1994-2007, 2012, 2016 and
2021, tentatively priced by a Smith Barney, Harris Upham 
Co. group to yield from 4.25% in 1994 to 6.68% in 2021.
Series A consists of $171.5 million first mortgage revenue
bonds, Series F, due 1995-2007, 2012 and 2021. Current
interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 4.75% in 1995
to 6.50% in 2007. There are $31.9 million term bonds priced
as 6.50% at 98.62 to yield 6.63% in 2012. There are $90
million term bonds priced as 6.50% at 97.75 to yield 6.68% in
2021. Series B consists of $117.8 million first mortgage
revenue refunding bonds, Series F, due 1994-2007, 2012, and
2016. Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from
4.25% in 1994 to 6.50% in 2007. There are $38.8 million term
bonds priced as 6.50% at 98.62 to yield 6.63% in 2012. There
are $41 million term bonds priced as 6.25% at 95.24 to yield
6.65% in 2016. The bonds are insured by Ambac Indemnity Corp.
and are rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
   New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority -- $224 million
of state contract revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, due March 1,
1998-2007, 2013, 2019 and 2021, tentatively priced by a
Lazard Freres  Co. group to yield from 5.50% in 1998 to
6.74% in 2019. Current interest serial bonds are priced to
yield from 5.50% in 1998 to 6.60% in 2007. Term bonds
maturing in 2013 are not formally reoffered to investors.
There are $78 million term bonds priced as 6 1/2% at 97 to
yield 6.74% in 2019. There are $44 million term bonds priced
as 6% at 91 1/2 to yield 6.67% in 2021. The bonds are rated
double-A by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
   San Bernadino County, Calif. -- $110 million of
transportation authority sales tax revenue bonds, due March
1, 19932002, 2006 and 2010, tentatively priced by a First
Boston Corp. group to yield from 3.60% in 1993 to 6.65% in
2010. Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from
3.60% in 1993 to 6.15% in 2002. There are $27.6 million term
bonds priced as 6% at 95.01 to yield 6.55% in 2006. There are
$34.9 million term bonds priced as 6% at 93.24 to yield 6.65%
in 2010. The bonds are insured by Financial Guaranty
Insurance Co. and are rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
   Phoenix, Ariz. -- $91 million of senior-lien streets and
highway user revenue and revenue refunding bonds, due July 1,
1993-2004 and 2006, tentatively priced by a Smith Barney,
Harris Upham  Co. group to yield from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.55%
in 2006. Current interest serial bonds are priced at par to
yield from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.40% in 2004. There are $5.1
million term bonds priced as 6.25% at 97.23 to yield 6.55% in
2006. The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and doubleA
by SP.
                                                                                                       

                       ASSET-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Chase Manhattan Bank -- $750 million of credit-card
securities priced by underwriters led by Chase Securities
Inc. as 7.40% at 99.878 to yield 7.475%. The yield is 78
basis points above the Treasury's five-year notes. The
securities are being sold through a special purpose vehicle
called Chase Manhattan Credit Card Master Trust Series
1992-1. Underwriters expect a triple-A rating from Moody's
and SP based on the quality of the underlying loans and the
support of an 11% cash collateral account. Chase Manhattan
Bank is a subsidiary of Chase Manhattan Corp.
                                                                                                       


                                                                                                       

   Toronto Dominion Bank -- 150 million Canadian dollars of
8.80% bonds maturing March 31, 2002, and callable on March
31, 1997, priced at par to yield 8.80%, or 71 basis points
over the 8.25% Government of Canada bond maturing March 1,
1997. Underwriters are Toronto Dominion Securities and
ScotiaMcLeod Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   I-Stat Corp. -- An initial public offering of three
million common shares priced at $18.50 a share through
underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   SPS Transaction Services Inc. -- An initial public
offering of three million common shares priced at $16 a share
through underwriters led by Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   Musicland Stores Corp. -- An issue of 16 million common
shares priced at $14.50 a share through underwriters led by
Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. The size of the
issue was increased from an originally planned 12.5 million
shares.
   MBIA Inc. -- An issue of 8.2 million common shares priced
at $48.25 a share through underwriters led by Donaldson
Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp.
   Foundation Health Corp. -- An issue of 3.7 million common
shares priced at $29.50 a share through underwriters led by
Alex. Brown  Sons Inc. Foundation Health recently announced
a 3-for-2 stock split, which is reflected in the offering.
   Health Care Property Investors Inc. -- An issue of 1.6
million common shares priced at $44 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Forstmann  Co. -- An initial public offering of 2.75
million common shares priced at $9 a share through Prudential
Securities Inc. The size of the issue was decreased from an
originally planned 3.1 million shares.
   Sun TV  Appliances -- An issue of 1.5 million common
shares priced at $17.50 a share through underwriters led by
Montgomery Securities.
   Synopsys Inc. -- An initial public offering of two million
common shares priced at $18 a share through underwriters led
by Morgan Stanley  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Halifax Building Society (U.K.) -- #100 million of 11%
Eurobonds due Jan 17, 2014, at 102.467 via S.G. Warburg
Securities Ltd. Re-offered to investors initially at a fixed
price of 100.592 to yield 10.92% (annual), a margin of 1.52
points above the semiannual yield of the 9% gilt due in 2008.
Will trade interchangeably with an existing #150 million
issue sold earlier this year. There will be 49 days of
accrued interest. Fees 2 1/2.
   Aoyama Trading Co. (Japan) -- 450 million Swiss francs of
privately placed convertible notes due March 31, 1996, with a
fixed 3% coupon at par, via Swiss Bank Corp. Put option on
March 31, 1994, at 107 3/4 to yield 6.59%. Each 50,000 Swiss
franc note is convertible from April 1, 1992, to March 23,
1996, at an expected 2 1/2% premium over the closing share
price March 2, when terms are fixed. Fees 1 5/8.
   Totetsu Kogyo Co. (Japan) -- 40 million Swiss francs of
privately placed 3 5/8% notes due March 12, 1996, at par with
equity-purchase warrants attached, via Yamaichi Bank
(Switzerland). Guaranteed by Fuji Bank Ltd. in Tokyo.
Exercise period of the warrants will be from March 26, 1992,
to March 5, 1996. Definitive terms and conditions will be
fixed tomorrow. Call at the issuer's option from March 12,
1994, at 101, declining by 1/4 point semiannually. Tax call
beginning March 12, 1993, at 100 3/4 and declining by 1/8
point semiannually. Fees 1 5/8.
   Uoichiba Co. (Japan) -- 100 million marks of 4 3/8% bonds
with equity-purchase warrants attached due March 12, 1996,
and priced at par, via Nomura Bank (Deutschland) G.m.b.H.
Guaranteed by the Norinchukin Bank. Each 5,000 mark bond
carries five warrants, exercisable from March 26, 1992, to
March 5, 1996, to buy company shares at an expected premium
of 2 1/2% above the closing share price when prices are fixed
March 5. Each 50,000 mark bond contains one certificate with
50 warrants attached exercisable under the same terms. Fees 2
1/4.
   Sekisui Plastics Co. (Japan) -- 100 million marks of 4
3/8% bonds with equity-purchase warrants due March 12, 1996,
and priced at par, via Yamaichi Bank (Deutschland).
Guaranteed by Sanwa Bank Ltd. Each 5,000 mark bond carries
one warrant and one certificate with four warrants attached,
exercisable from March 26, 1992, to March 5, 1996, to buy
company shares at an expected premium of 2 1/2% above the
closing share price when prices are fixed next Tuesday. Each
50,000 mark bond contains one certificate with 50 warrants
attached exercisable under the same terms. Fees 2 1/4.