New Stock Listings
The New York Stock Exchange last week began trading shares
in three initial public offerings of closed-end municipal
securities funds: Blackstone Insured Municipal Term Trust
Inc., under the symbol BMT; Intercapital Insured Municipal
Trust, symbol IMT; and Van Kampen Merritt Trust for
Investment Grade Municipals, symbol VGM.
                                                                                                       

   The national market system of the over-the-counter market
began trading the following initial public offerings:
Advantage Health Corp., Woburn, Ma., a medical rehabilitation
facilities network, symbol ADHC; Agridyne Technologies Inc.,
Salt Lake City, Utah, a developer and marketer of biochemical
products, symbol AGRI; CytoRad Inc., Princeton, N.J., a
prostate and bladder cancer treatment concern, symbol CYTDZ;
American Business Information Inc., Omaha, Neb., a business
information database company, symbol ABII; Calumet Bancorp
Inc., Dolton, Ill., a bank holding company, symbol CBCI; and
ChemTrak Inc., Sunnyvale, Calif., a disposable diagnostic
tests concern, under CMTR.
                                                                                                       

   The American Stock Exchange last week began trading
options on Immunogen Inc., Cambridge, Mass., a cancer
pharmaceutical company, and on Tuesday will begin trading
options on Plains Resources Inc., Houston, a oil and natural
gas concern.
                                                                                                       

   The Chicago Board Options Exchange said it began trading
options on Carter-Wallace Inc.; Danek Group Inc.; Delta
Woodside Industries Inc.; and Global Natural Resources Inc.