Portland General
   Is Sued by 3 Investors
   Of Bonneville Pacific
A Portland General spokesman said: "We feel we acted in
the best interests of our shareholders and that Bonneville
Pacific didn't fulfill its commitments. They had agreed to
sell down their interests in certain power plants, which
would have allowed us to take control of the company under
regulatory rules."
   In September 1990, Portland General announced plans to
acquire as much as 49% of Bonneville's common stock. Portland
General held a 46% stake and had three executives on
Bonneville's eight-member board when it announced two months
ago that it would write off its entire $45 million investment
in Bonneville and stop further financial support.
   Last month, Bonneville filed for protection from creditors
under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code. Bonneville
is a Salt Lake City developer and operator of power plants.
Portland General is a Portland energy holding company.
   The suit claims, among other things, that Portland General
misrepresented facts about its plans to acquire Bonneville
and that Portland General artificially inflated prices of
Bonneville's securities by misrepresenting facts that pointed
to the company's likely withdrawal from the acquisition.
Three current and former Portland General officers are also
named as defendants.
   Steve W. Berman, a Seattle attorney representing the
plaintiffs, said Bonneville shares that once traded in the $6
to $7 range now are nearly worthless, as are the company's
bonds, which once had a value of more than $60 million.