Nintendo Unit in U.S.
   Charges Game Piracy
   by Taiwanese Firm
World-wide, the video game maker estimates that 40 million
to 100 million of the counterfeit games were sold in 1990,
resulting in U.S. losses of about $1.5 billion in retail
sales and $1 billion in wholesale sales. Taiwan-made video
game counterfeits initially entered U.S. markets in 1989 and
since then, "there have been no interruptions in the
infringement," said Jim Bikoff, an attorney for Nintendo, the
U.S. unit of Nintendo Co. of Japan.
   Nintendo's request was its latest effort in a continuing
battle that includes lawsuits, publicity and government
enforcement against pirated versions of games that run on its
popular Nintendo Entertainment System. Since 1986, the
company has sold in the U.S. more than 32 million game
systems and more than 200 million game software cartridges.
About 13 million of those systems have an improved security
feature that prevents play of pirated games.
   The U.S. Customs Service estimated that in 1991, about 55%
of its computer-related seizures were products made in
Taiwan. John Atwood, Customs Service branch chief of
intellectual property, said Taiwan has been "receptive" to
his agency's concerns. But for world-wide counterfeiting, Mr.
Atwood said, Taiwanmade products were still "at the top of
the list."