Business Brief:
   Ford Is Ready to Invest $1.2 Billion
   To Develop a New Group of Engines
In 1990, Ford brought out a new family of V-8 "modular"
engines at a cost of $1 billion that currently appear in the
Ford Crown Victoria, Mercury Grand Marquis and certain
Lincoln models. The engines are called modular because they
can easily be produced in different sizes with different
valve configurations. The newest investment will provide
similar modular engines for smaller Ford cars.
   Ford didn't say which cars will get the new V-6 engine,
but company engineers have said previously that it will
appear in the Ford Taurus, the auto maker's top-selling car.
The current Taurus engines have adequate power but they
aren't considered as smooth as the best Japanese engines. The
new Ford V-6 engines will also have four valves per cylinder,
a common feature in Japanese engines. These so-called
multivalve engines generate more power without sacrificing
fuel economy.
   Ford's engines and transmission used to be viewed as the
company's weak spot, but that's changing. A year ago, Ford
announced it was spending $700 million at its engine plant in
Chihuahua, Mexico, so that it could begin producing a
multivalve four-cylinder engine in the middle of 1993.
   Separately, Ford's Jaguar unit said it was recalling
11,000 XJS models so a modification could be made to their
ignition systems. The work will be performed free of charge
to customers by Jaguar dealers.