International:
   Lloyd's of London
   Faces Major Suit
   Over Use of Funds
They won an order Friday that prevented four of the
market's underwriting agencies from using investor funds to
meet insurance claims until the suit is resolved, said Peter
Hill, Lloyd's spokesman. The plaintiffs had to agree to pay
any losses to Lloyd's as a result of their action if their
action fails, Mr. Hill said.
   Now more than 600 names are joining the suit, said Michael
Freeman, plaintiffs' lawyer.
   Names face unlimited liability and are required to deposit
a third of their underwriting limit. The minimum limit is
#250,000 ($435,616). Some names are refusing to meet cash
calls from the agencies to cover underwriting losses. When
that happens, the underwriters dip into the deposits.
   Lloyd's has asked to become a defendant in the action so
it could argue its own case, Mr. Hill said. "This particular
action will be contested most vigorously," he said.
   The eight original names were on syndicates managed by
Gooda Walker, Feltrim, Devonshire, and Rose Thomson Young
agencies, which have incurred large losses in the reinsurance
business. Reinsurance companies take on risks that insurance
companies won't handle.
   This case is only the second time in its 300-year history
that the market is being sued, Mr. Hill said. The first suit,
filed last year over underwriting losses, currently is in the
courts, he said.
   During the past two years, almost 8,000 members have
defected from the insurance market, which has been hit by
huge losses, the result of a series of man-made and natural
disasters. Because of the market's tradition of unlimited
liability, many investors have been ruined.
   Last month, the market tried to reassure the remaining
26,500 names by announcing proposed reforms that would limit
investors' losses and allow companies to invest in the
market.