Securities Offering Calendar
$22.8 billion of three-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                       CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                   One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   American Online Inc. -- initial two million common shares,
via Alex. Brown  Sons Inc.
   Ameriserv Food Co. -- initial 5.1 million common shares,
via Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp.
   Applebee's International Inc. -- 2.8 million common
shares, via Piper, Jaffray  Hopwood Inc.
   ARB Group Inc. -- initial 2.5 million common shares, via
Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Bankers Trust New York Corp. -- four million preferred
purchase units, via Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Bisys Group Inc. -- initial 5.5 million common shares, via
Lehman Brothers.
   Bertucci's Inc. -- one million common shares, via
Montgomery Securities.
   Burlington Industries Inc. -- initial 57 million common
shares, via Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Calgene Inc. -- two million common shares, via PaineWebber
Inc.
   Chronimed Inc. -- initial 2,350,000 common shares, via
Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
   Citicorp -- six million cumulative preferred shares, at
$25-a-share, via Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Columbia Hospital Corp. -- $100 million of senior subor-
dinated notes, via Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette.
   Curaflex Health Services Inc. -- initial 2.5 million
common shares, via Morgan Stanley.
   Damark International Inc. -- initial 2,734,000 common
shares, via Montgomery Securities.
   Epic Healthcare Group Inc. -- $140.7 million of senior
deferred coupon notes, via Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette.
   EZCorp Inc. -- 1.5 million Class A non-voting shares, via
Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   First Western Corp. -- initial 1,750,000 common shares,
via Prudential Securities Inc.
   Fleer Corp. -- 3,605,000 common share secondary offer, via
Merrill Lynch.
   Florida Power  Light Co. -- $75 million of preferred
shares, via competitive bid.
   Fred's Inc. -- initial 3.3 million common shares, via
Robinson-Humphrey Co.
   Health O Meter Products Inc. -- initial 2.5 million common
shares, via First Boston Corp.
   Infinity Broadcasting Corp. -- $150 million of senior
subordinated notes, via Lehman Brothers.
   Lincare Holdings -- initial 3.5 million common shares, via
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   Network General Corp. -- 2,215,000 common shares, via
Hambrecht  Quist.
   Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio -- initial 10
million shares, via Alex. Brown.
   Pacific Gas  Electric Co. -- $200 million of first
mortgage bonds, via competitive bid.
   Protocol Systems Inc. -- initial 2,750,000 common shares,
via First Boston.
   Ryland Group Inc. -- 2.5 million common shares, via Kidder
Peabody.
   Schuler Homes Inc. -- initial 3,850,000 common shares, via
Montgomery Securities.
   E.W. Scripps Co. -- five million Class A common share
secondary offer, via First Boston.
   Sierra On-Line Inc.-1.5 million common shares, via Lehman
Brothers.
   Singer Co. -- seven million common to be shares sold by
International Semi-Tech Microelectronics Inc., via Merrill
Lynch.
   Standard Pacific Corp. -- three million common shares, via
Prudential Securities.
   Summit Care Corp. -- initial 2.1 million common shares,
via Dillon Read  Co.
   Telios Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- initial three million
common shares, via Morgan Stanley.
   Tosco Corp. -- $300 million of first mortage bonds, via
Lehman Brothers.
   Treasure Island Finance Corp. -- $300 million of first
mortgage notes, via Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Triconex Corp. -- initial two million common shares, via
Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   Los Angeles Dept. of Water and Power -- $150 million of
electric plant revenue bonds, Issue of 1992, via competitive
bid.
   New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority -- $275
million of transportation system revenue bonds, 1992 Series
A, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                          Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   North Carolina -- $112.5 million of prison and youth
services facilities general obligation bonds, via competitive
bid.
                                                                                                       

                      Thursday
                                                                                                       

   Milwaukee County, Wis. -- $84,450,000 of corporate purpose
unlimited tax general obligation bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                   One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Gainesville, Fla. -- $133,360,000 of utilities system
revenue bonds, including $72,025,000 of 1992 Series A bonds
and $61,335,000 of 1992 Series B bonds, via a Goldman Sachs
group.
   Idaho Student Loan Marketing Corp. -- $66,660,000 of
student loan revenue refunding bonds, via an A.G. Ed- wards 
Sons Inc. group.
   Illinois Housing Development Authority -- $72 million of
multi-family housing revenue bonds, via a Bear, Stearns  Co.
group.
   Kansas Dept. of Transportation -- $250 million of highway
revenue bonds, via a Smith Barney group.
   Massachusetts Water Resources Authority -- $675 million of
general revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Merrill Lynch
group.
   Merrillville Multi-School Building Corp., Ind. -- $57.2
million of first mortgage revenue bonds, with capital
appreciation bonds, via a John Nuveen  Co. group.
   Metropolitan Pier  Exposition Authority, Ill. -- $175
million of dedicated state tax revenue bonds, via a Goldman
Sachs group.
   Modesto Irrigation District Financing Authority, Calif. --
$57,095,000 of revenue bonds, (Woodland Generation Station
Project), 1992 Series A, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority --
$80 million of revenue bonds, (Overlook Hospital Association
issue), Series E, (FGIC-insured), via a Lazard Freres  Co.
group.
   Oregon Housing and Community Services Department --
$80,810,000 of mortgage revenue bonds, (single-family
mortgage program), 1992 Series A and B, via a Bear, Stearns 
Co. group.
   Phoenix -- $258,420,000 of general obligation refunding
bonds, 1992 Series, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority -- $386,930,000 of
various revenue bonds, Series J, K, and L, via a First Boston
group.
   Puerto Rico -- $369,810,000 of public improvement general
obligation bonds, including $305 million of public
improvement general obligation bonds and $64,810,000 of
public improvement refunding general obligation bonds, 1992
Series, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Puyallup School District No. 3, Wash. -- $54 million of
general obligation and refunding bonds, via a Seattle
Northwest Securities Corp. group.
   Redding, Calif. -- $60 million of electric system revenue
bonds, (certificates of participation), via a Lehman Brothers
group.
   Texas Municipal Power Agency -- $450 million of refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Goldman-Sachs group.
   Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority --
$96 million of homeownership revenue bonds (non-Alternative
Minimum Tax), and 2020, (AMT), via a Bear Stearns group.
                                                                                                       

                         Indefinite
                                                                                                       

   Florida Board of Education -- $311,580,000 of public
education capital outlay refunding general obligation bonds,
1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
   Florida Dept. of Natural Resources -- $300 million of
Preservation 2000 revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.