Technology  Medicine:
   Panel Urges FDA
   To Approve Sale
   Of Female Condom
   ----
   By Bruce Ingersoll
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"We don't see this as a significant delay," Mary Ann
Leeper, senior vice president for development, said after the
panel's unanimous vote Friday for conditional approval. "We
see this as a happy outcome."
   Advisory panel recommendations, while not binding, are
usually heeded by the agency.
   The female condom, invented in Denmark, is essentially a
seven-inch-long, lubricated pouch made of polyurethane, with
flexible rings at each end. The inner ring fits behind the
pubic bone and the outer ring fits outside the body.
   Clinical trials, according to company officials, show that
it is as effective as contraceptive sponges and diaphragms in
preventing pregnancy, and that it has the added advantage of
being more effective than male condoms in preventing AIDS and
other sexually transmitted diseases.
   The FDA's Obstetrics and Gynecology Device Panel,
nonetheless, decided that additional tests were in order. It
called for a six-month clinical trial involving 200 women to
further evaluate the device's safety and effectiveness. At
the same time, used condoms are to be inspected for tears and
other defects.
   The panel said that FDA approval should be contingent on
the company being able to match or better the condom's
contraception rate in clinical trials. The company reported
15.1 pregnancies per 100 women -- a contraception rate of
nearly 85% -- after six months. Contraceptive sponges are 80%
to 87% effective, while diaphragms with spermicide are 80% to
98% effective, according to the FDA.
   Wisconsin Pharmacal, based in Jackson, Wis., owns the
North American rights to manufacture and market the female
condom. It will likely be priced at $2 or $2.25, about three
times the typical price for male condoms. Chartex
International PLC of London holds the rights to sell the
product in Europe and the rest of the world.