Business Briefs
Bridgestone Corp., Tokyo, said its Bridgestone/Firestone
unit, Akron, Ohio, will introduce eight Firestone Firehawk
670 tire sizes next month, including the 65 and 60-series
Euro metric.
   ---
   Cambridge Biotech Corp. is restructuring its diagnostics
business into two geographic entities. The Americas/Far East
diagnostics division will cover the Americas and the Far
East. The European diagnostics division will cover Europe,
the Middle East and Africa.
   ---
   General Electric Co.'s subsidiary, GE Power Generation,
received a $15.1 million order to supply the Virgin Islands
Water  Power Authority with two 25-megawatt GE MS5001 gas
turbine-generators beginning in July.
   ---
   Utilx Corp. was awarded $2.6 million in its arbitration
proceedings against FlowTex, its German licensee. FlowTex's
licensing agreement was canceled, and the company was ordered
to return all purchased equipment.
   ---
   Medicore Inc. reached a preliminary agreement to acquire
Android Corp. in exchange for 5.2 million shares or 52% of
its common to be issued to Android holders.
   ---
   Toll Brothers Inc. said first-quarter contracts reached a
record level of $56.9 million.
   ---
   Goody's Family Clothing Inc. said fourth-quarter sales
rose 30% from a year earlier, while comparable-store sales
rose 17%.
   ---
   Edisto Resources Corp., Dallas, said it sold a production
payment for $18 million to Enron Gas Services, a unit of
Enron Corp., Houston. Under terms of the payment, Edisto
conveyed to the unit an interest in reserves and producing
properties in east Texas equivalent to 1.4 million barrels of
oil.