Economy:
   New-Construction
   Contracts Rose 2%
   During December
   ----
   By Stephanie Ferrell-Keegan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dodge Index of construction, which uses 1982 as a base
of 100, seasonally adjusted, rose to 148 from 145.
   For the full year, construction contracts fell for the
second year in a row, to $226.76 billion, down from $246.24
billion in 1990. The record high for construction contracts
is $271.2 billion in 1989.
   "The year-long recovery of the depressed construction
sector was in danger of stalling out in the closing months of
1991 when home building leveled off after regaining the
one-million-unit rate," said Dodge's vice president and chief
economist, George A. Christie. "Two December events -- the
Fed's full-point cut of its discount rate and the enactment
of the new six-year transportation program -- should help to
restore construction's momentum by spring."
   Contracting for nonresidential buildings, with strength in
institutional building and continued weakness in commercial
projects, rose 3% in December, on a seasonally adjusted
annual rate. Residential building rose 1% in December, to a
$105.39 billion annual rate, while nonbuilding construction
rose 3% to $49.03 billion annually, seasonally adjusted.
   The rate of public works construction rose 4% in December,
reflecting gains in highway and water supply projects. Mr.
Christie said "it's possible that there's been an
acceleration of spending through existing public works
programs in an attempt to give the economy a lift."
   For the year, nonresidential building contracts fell 11%
to $80.49 billion; residential building, down 8% to $97.42
billion; and nonbuilding construction, down 2%, to $48.85
billion.
   For the year, the South Central region showed the
strongest gain, where contracting rose 4%. But the Northeast
fell 7%, while the North Central and South Atlantic regions
each fell 8%. The West was hardest hit with a 14% decline,
the result of heavy cutbacks in residential building.
   ---
                       DODGE REPORT
                                                                                                       

                               a-Dec. '91     Seasonally
                              Construction    Adjusted %
                              Contract Val.   Change From
                               (000,000)      Prev. Month
                                                                                                       

   Nonresidential bldg. ......  $78,295           + 3
   Residential building ......  105,392           + 1
   Non-building constr. ......   49,033           + 3
   Total construction ........  232,720           + 2
                                                                                                       

   a-Monthly construction contract values are reported on an
annualized, seasonally adjusted basis.
                                                                                                       

                                Year       Year     Cumu-
                                1991       1990     lative
                              (000,000)  (000,000)  % Chg
                                                                                                       

   Nonresidential bldg....    $80,491      $90,886    -11
   Residential building...     97,416      105,614    - 8
   Non-building constr....     48,853       49,736    - 2
   Total construction.....    226,760      246,236    - 8