What's News --
   Business and Finance
Stocks sank and bond prices rose on the consumer
confidence report. The Dow Jones industrials fell 24.59
points to 3257.83. The dollar gained.
   ---
   Sales of U.S.-made cars slumped in mid-February from
earlier in the month. But sales of models built in the U.S.
by Honda and Toyota surged.
   ---
   Intel plans to introduce a new personal-computer microchip
by the end of 1993, more than a year earlier than expected
and not long after another Intel chip due out this year. The
speedup comes amid a growing challenge from Advanced Micro
Devices and possibly other chip companies.
                                                                                                       

   Microsoft expects to give its new PC operating system,
Windows NT, the ability to run on Digital's Alpha chip, in a
bid to make the software available on more-powerful models.
Digital unveiled the chip yesterday.
   ---
   The FCC's staff proposed abolishing limits on how many
radio stations nationwide one broadcaster can own.
   ---
   Sales of shares by corporate insiders surged in the latest
two-week period as sellers took advantage of the stock
market's recent gains.
   ---
   Mercedes-Benz pulled its ad account, whose billings exceed
$100 million, from McCaffrey  McCall and awarded it to WPP's
Scali McCabe.
   ---
   Coleman intends to sell 16% of the outdoor-gear maker to
the public for at least $82.9 million, indicating a big gain
for Ronald Perelman, who purchased the company in 1989.
                                                                                                       

   Reliance Electric plans to propose selling $300 million in
stock, five years after a leveraged buy-out.
   ---
   Platinum prices slid on the apparently mistaken belief
that a catalytic-converter technology developed by Corning
will trim use of the metal.
   ---
   Merck declared a 3-for-1 split of the pharmaceutical
company's stock and raised its dividend 10%.
   ---
   RJR agreed to pay $72.5 million to ex-shareholders who
alleged the company failed to disclose takeover talks in the
months before its 1988 buy-out.
   ---
   The House Democrats' tax bill would help airlines such as
Federal Express give their nonunion pilots pensions as
generous as those given to union pilots at other carriers.
   ---
   An SL rescue plan that would benefit shareholders of weak
thrifts by rescuing them before they fail got a hostile
reception on Capitol Hill.
   ---
   Matsushita Electric posted a 34% drop in quarterly profit
and scaled back its earnings projections. The results and
outlook resemble those at other Japanese electronics makers.
   ---
   A senior Salomon corporate-finance executive, Denis Bovin,
quit to become a vice chairman of investment banking at rival
Bear Stearns.
   ---
   Japan's Daiwa Securities agreed to pay $28 million to
Tokyu Land, a longtime customer, for not honoring a
securities-repurchase accord.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 208,400,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3257.83, off 24.59; transportation 1430.12, off 21.67;
utilities 204.56, up 0.82.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4169.13, up 10.76.
   Commodities: Oil $18.48 a barrel, up five cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.52, up 0.20; spot index 118.80, up 0.23.
   Dollar: 129.80 yen, up 0.67; 1.6579 marks, up 0.0052.