Martin Marietta
   Profit Declines
   As Loral's Rises
   ----
   By Rhonda L. Rundle
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The $39 million charge, equal to 78 cents a share,
reflected a reorganization of aluminum operations announced
in December, the Bethesda, Md., company said. The
year-earlier quarterly profit was reduced by a charge of
$48.9 million, or $1 a share, for a reserve for costs related
to an Army air defense contract.
   "Our defense and civil government businesses reported an
increase in operating profit . . . while the effects of the
recession in the construction industry adversely impacted our
materials group," said Norman R. Augustine, chairman and
chief executive officer.
   Pretax operating profit climbed 62% to $139.1 million from
$86 million, mainly because of increased fees on various
government contracts, Martin Marietta said. Analysts said
that the jump slightly exceeded their expectations, but that
they didn't have enough information yet to fully analyze the
reasons for it.
   For the full year, net income fell 4% to $313.1 million,
or $6.30 a share, from $327.6 million, or $6.52 a share.
Operating earnings increased 21% to $537.5 million from
$442.5 million. Sales slipped nearly 1% to $6.08 billion from
$6.13 billion.
   New York-based Loral's third-quarter profit was on target
with what a spokeswoman told analysts and investors Tuesday.
Net was $29.9 million, or 95 cents a share, compared with
$20.9 million, or 82 cents a share, in the year-earlier
period. Sales rose 6% to $711 million from $670 million.
   Strong bookings in training, electronic combat and
military command and communications systems businesses all
contributed to record third-quarter bookings of $807 million,
compared with $711 million in the year-earlier quarter, said
Bernard L. Schwartz, chairman and chief executive officer.
   For the nine months, profit rose 36% to $81.4 million, or
$2.71 a share, compared with $59.7 million, or $2.36 a share,
in the year-earlier period. Sales grew 56% to $2.09 billion
from $1.34 billion.
   In late New York Stock Exchange trading, Loral was quoted
at $37.625, up $1; Martin Marietta slipped 25 cents to
$56.75.