Mazda Sedan Will Be
   First Japanese Vehicle
   Classified as U.S. Car
Mazda's move may turn some heads in Washington, where some
congressmen have threatened to pass legislation limiting
Japanese car imports. But Mazda officials say it won't make
any difference in the marketplace. "Whether it's built in
America or offshore is not an important consideration" for
the buyers of import-brand cars, said Clark Vitulli, senior
vice president of Mazda's U.S. sales arm, at the Chicago Auto
Show.
   Sales of Mazda's 626 model in the U.S. reached 68,369 cars
last year, up 6.4% from 1990. Mr. Vitulli expects sales of
the model to remain flat in 1992 and to rise slightly in
1993. In recent years, Mazda has attracted a lot of attention
with a slew of exciting new niche cars, notably the Miata
sports car, but it has lacked a big seller in the heart of
market such as the Honda Accord, Ford Taurus or Toyota Camry.
True to form, the new 626 will only appeal to certain buyers,
Mr. Vitulli said.
   Also at the Chicago Auto Show, Ford Motor Co. introduced
its 1993 Escort. It features a new grill, new lights and some
other minor changes from the current model, which hasn't met
sales expectations. Ford also unveiled limited-edition,
high-performance versions of its Mustang and F-150 pickup
truck, which will go on sale next January.