Society for Savings
   Posts A Wider Loss
   For Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By David Stipp
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The company said its fourth-quarter loss included a loan
loss provision of $35.2 million, a charge for foreclosed real
estate of $18.4 million and other charges totaling $16.5
million. The year-ago loss was $54.8 million, or $4.60 a
share.
   The company said total assets as of Dec. 31 were $3
billion, down from $3.8 billion at Dec. 31, 1990. Society
said that during 1991, it reduced its assets by $840 million,
including "higher risk" assets such as mobile-home loans,
home equity loans and commercial real estate loans.
   Lawrence Connell, who was named president and chief
executive officer in November, said the company is making
"tough moves very quickly" in order to restore profitability.
Society for Savings said its fourth-quarter charges stemmed
partly from write-offs associated with the planned closure of
14 branch offices and the planned transfer of data-processing
operations to an outside service bureau.
   Because of the charges and loan-loss allowance, the
company's leverage capital ratio was 4.65% as of Dec. 31,
Society said. The company added that within the next several
months, it will submit a plan to achieve a 5% leverage
capital ratio to the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Bank of
Boston.
   The company also said it would establish a new employee
retirement program that incorporates its existing pension
plan. Last month the company, citing the need to cut costs,
said it would stop contributing to the old plan. The company
said it decided to form a new plan because of changes in the
financial assumptions underlying the earlier decision to quit
making contributions. Society added it doesn't expect to make
contributions to the new plan during 1992 through 1994.
   For all of 1991, the company's loss was $64.5 million, or
$5.42 a share, after loan-loss provisions totaling $91.2
million, vs. a year-earlier loss of $52.4 million, or $4.40 a
share, after loan-loss provisions totaling $37.2 million.
   In late national over-the-counter trading yesterday,
Society tumbled 87.5 cents a share, to $5.