Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials' String of Gains Ends
   As Average Slips 1.35 to 3200.13
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost 1.38 to 417.96, and
the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index dropped 0.50 to
end at 229.85. But the Dow Jones Transportation Average
jumped 14.76 to 1365.47, and the Nasdaq market rose too.
   On the Big Board, 1,059 issues advanced, outnumbering the
787 that fell. Volume surged to 241,980,000 shares from
219,170,000 Friday.
   "Even if we corrected 50 or 60 points, that wouldn't be
anything unhealthy," said Edward Collins, head equities
trader at Daiwa Securities America. "When we continue to have
1,050 stocks up, that tells me we have momentum on our side."
   Some money managers suggest that stock prices may have
stalled simply because investors who had been grabbing
everything in sight two weeks ago are now buying only those
stocks expected to participate in an economic recovery and
raising funds by selling more defensive growth stocks.
   "I think that's a very healthy sign," said Tony Hitschler,
chief investment officer of Brandywine Asset Management.
"Market leadership has been extraordinarily narrow over the
last year. Now that's turning around."
   But others warn that investors aren't distinguishing
between stocks of companies tied to the economic cycle, whose
earnings should jump early in a recovery, and those that
would be expected to lag for months.
   Shares of home builders, typically among the first to
participate in an economic revival, surged yesterday. Kaufman
& Broad Home rose 1 1/4 to 18 5/8, Clayton Homes jumped 1 to
15 1/8, and Ryland Group added 1/2 to 23 1/2.
   But auto stocks also rose, in spite of analysts' warnings
that auto makers are unlikely to post strong earnings before
the third quarter at the earliest. Investors are hoping that
auto makers will benefit from President Bush's trade mission
to Japan this week and are desperate to find stocks whose
prices haven't yet soared in the rally.
   General Motors jumped 1 to 33 1/2, Chrysler added 1/8 to
13 5/8, and Ford rose 1/2 to 30 7/8.
   Other cyclical groups whose fortunes aren't expected to
improve soon also gained. Among forest products companies,
International Paper jumped 5/8 to 71 1/2, Georgia-Pacific
gained 1 5/8 to 60, and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 3/8 to 47.
Real estate companies also attracted some investors:
   Rockefeller Center Properties gained 1/2 to 16 1/2, and
Federal Realty Investment Trust added 1/4 to 19 3/8.
   But with the Dow industrials holding just above 3200,
investors should become "extremely selective," said Michael
Metz, chief strategist at Oppenheimer & Co.
   "I don't have enough conviction to buy shares of auto
makers," he said. "I would rather buy some shares in
industries that are dependent on auto makers but which aren't
suffering from foreign competition," such as some auto-parts
producers.
   Growth stocks were prominent among the losers.
Pharmaceutical giant Merck fell 1 5/8 to 167 1/4; Ogden
Projects, a pollution control company, lost 3/8 to 20 1/2;
foodmaker Kellogg dropped 2 1/4 to 64 5/8. Coca Cola slipped
1/4 to 83, and PepsiCo fell 1/2 to 33 7/8.
   International Business Machines jumped 1 7/8 to 92 1/4
after Smith Barney upgraded the computer giant to a "buy"
from a "hold." Analyst Barry Bosaak said the company's highly
profitable mainframe computers continue to sell and he
doesn't expect IBM to cut its dividend. Traders added that
investors were eager to buy the stock because it hadn't yet
participated in the market's rally.
   Westinghouse Electric added 1 5/8 to 19 3/4 in heavy
trading of 3.9 million shares, almost three times its daily
average. County NatWest Securities upped its rating on the
stock to "accumulate" from "underperform." Analyst Nicholas
Heymann predicted the company would earn $2 a share in 1992,
rather than $1.50 as he previously estimated. He said he
expects improved performance from the company's financial arm
and believes Westinghouse will benefit from its restructuring
last year.
   Browning-Ferris Industries parted ways with other
pollution control stocks, gaining 1 3/4 to 23 1/2 while
others in the group fell. Elaine Garzarelli, market
strategist for Shearson Lehman Brothers, upgraded the
pollution control company to "attractive" from "neutral." She
said the stock is cheap and could benefit from an upturn in
the economy.
   USX-Marathon fell 1 1/2 to 22 7/8 after the oil
exploration company announced it plans to resume a postponed
offering of 20 million common shares. The company postponed
the offering last month after the stock's price fell sharply.
About 16 million shares are to be offered in the U.S. and
four million overseas, according to the company's filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.
   Wendy's jumped 5/8 to 10 1/2 on volume of 1.8 million
shares, compared with a daily average of 387,794. John Doyle,
an analyst for Smith Barney, raised his rating on the
fast-food chain to a buy from a hold because it is "among the
very few" restaurant chains showing unit sales growth of 4%
to 5% for 1991.
   Teledyne rose 4 1/2 to 24 1/2 after the electronics
equipment company announced its fourth-quarter earnings
jumped to 50 cents a share, compared with one cent a share a
year earlier. The company narrowed losses on federal
fixed-price contracts and improved operating efficiencies.
For the year, the company reported a net loss of $25.4
million, or 46 cents a share.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Portfolio Index edged
up 0.44 to a record 399.27. Advancers outpaced decliners,
371-276.