Marketing  Media:
   News Corp.'s Fox
   Forms News Unit
   Headed by Chao
   ----
   By Richard Turner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Murdoch said in a statement: "We plan to harness the
strength of the Fox owned-and-operated stations to ultimately
create a successful national news operation for Fox
Broadcasting Co. and its affiliates. . . . It is time to add
the strategic imperative of both local and national news to
our focus." Mr. Murdoch, who is News Corp. chairman, will
assume day-to-day responsibility for Fox when Barry Diller
leaves next month.
   Fox Broadcasting has never had a networkwide news show,
and Mr. Chao said in an interview that such a thing is "much
farther down the road," adding, "We have to crawl before we
can walk."
   Mr. Chao, 36 years old, was a classics scholar at Harvard
who worked briefly for the National Enquirer before returning
for a master's degree in business administration. Known to
have close ties to Mr. Murdoch, he worked for him in New York
before coming to Fox, where he has held a variety of
positions since 1985, most recently executive vice president,
Fox Television Stations. Mr. Chao developed several
"reality-based" TV shows such as "America's Most Wanted" and
"COPS" which began airing on the Fox-owned stations, then
moved on to the entire network. Some critics called the whole
genre "tabloid television," but the shows were inexpensive to
produce, popular and widely emulated.
   With News Corp.'s news-gathering assets in Europe and
Australia, Fox's international news abilities potentially
could rival those of Cable News Network. Mr. Chao wouldn't
speculate about such plans.
   Of the earlier shows he developed, he said: "I'll stand
behind `America's Most Wanted' and `COPS.' . . . But it's
important to draw a distinction. They're part of Fox's
entertainment schedule, and the challenge of a news
organization is different and involves the public trust."