New Securities Issues
2032, priced as 9.95% at 109.773 to yield 6.325%, through
Goldman, Sachs  Co. The noncallable debentures were priced
at a spread of 70 basis points above the Treasury's
three-year note. The debentures may be put back to the
company at par on Feb. 15, 1995. Rated single-A-2 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard  Poor's
Corp.
   GE Capital Corp. -- $200 million issue of notes, due Feb.
15, 1995, priced at par to yield 5.85%, through underwriters
led by UBS Securities Inc. The noncallable notes were priced
at a spread of 30 basis points above the Treasury's
three-year note. Rated triple-A by both Moody's and SP. GE
Capital is a unit of General Electric Co.

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Forest Reserve District of Du Page County, Ill. -- $85.4
million general obligation bonds, refunding bonds, Series
1992, due Nov. 1, 1992-2007, priced by a Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette Securities Inc. group to yield from 3% in 1992 to
6.5% in 2007. Ratings of double-A from Moody's and
double-A-plus by SP are expected.
   Nevada -- $82 million limited tax general obligation
bonds, due July 1, 1993-2010, and 2012, with capital
appreciation bonds due 1999-2001, priced by a Smith Barney,
Harris Upham  Co. group to yield from 3.5% in 1993 to 6.8%
in 2012. Current interest serial bonds priced at par to yield
from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.75% in 2009 and 2010; $14.1 million
term bonds priced as 6.80% at par in 2012; capital
appreciation or zero-coupon bonds priced to yield to maturity
from 5.70% in 1999 to 6% in 2001. The bonds are rated
double-A by both Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Westam Mortgage Financial Corp. -- $74.7 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities, offered
by Daiwa Securities America Inc. The issue, Series 8, is
backed by a tranche of a seasoned Remic, Ryland series 70-D,
which is a super floating-rate class.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Genesis Health Ventures Inc. -- An issue of 2.5 million
common shares priced at $13 a share through underwriters led
by Smith Barney.
   Staff Builders Inc. -- An issue of two million units
priced at $6 per unit through Whale Securities Co. Each unit
consists of four common shares and two redeemable warrants.
Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share
at $3 a share through Jan. 31, 1995.
   Univax Biologics Inc. -- An initial public offering of
four million common shares, priced at $12 a share through
underwriters led by Montgomery Securities. The size of the
issue was increased from three million shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kommuninvest I Orebro Lan AB (Sweden) -- 100 million
European currency units of 8 7/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 20,
1997, at issue price 101.975 via Daiwa (Europe) Ltd. Offered
to investors intially at a fixed price of 100.375 to yield
8.78%. Fees 1 7/8.
   Fiat Finance  Trade Ltd. (Italian parent) -- 150 billion
lire of 11 7/8% bonds due March 3, 1997, at issue price
101.90 via Banca Commerciale Italiana. Yield 11.87% at a
discount equal to full commissions. Guarantor IHT S.A. Fees 1
7/8.
   Finnish Real Estate Bank Ltd. (Finland) -- 150 million
marks of 8 1/2% bonds due Feb. 21, 1997, priced at 102 to
yield 8%, via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale. Fees 2.
   Swedish Export Credit (Sweden) -- 500 million Swedish
kronor of 10% Eurobonds due March 4, 1997, at issue price
101.45 via Svenska International PLC. Yield less commissions
10.11% (annual), a margin of 0.41 point above the comparable
Swedish government five-year bond. Fees 1 7/8.
   World Bank (supranational) -- 16.9 billion Portuguese
escudos of 11.5% "caravela (international) bonds" due Feb.
28, 1997, at issue price 100 3/4 via Finantia (bookrunner)
and Deutsche Bank de Investimento S.A. Fees 1 5/8.