World Markets:
   Foreign Investors' Debut in Seoul's Market Tops
   Expectations, Dominates Volume and Strategy
   ----
   By Kim Soo Mi
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
However, shares were mixed to lower early on Monday as
investors turned cautious about the steep rise in prices
during the previous sessions. The composite index was down
2.04 points to 648.27 in active trading.
   In Korea Saturday, according to one industry estimate,
foreign investors placed buy orders valued at 20 billion won
($26.4 million) after 100 billion won of orders Friday. Based
on such reports, orders from foreign investors were far
greater than expected, traders said.
   "The day's trading showed how the opening of the market
{to foreigners} works its positive impact on the market,"
said Cho Ki Sung, an analyst at Daewoo Securities Co.
   Participants cited foreign investors' activities as the
biggest variable for the market in the near term. "Local
investors' strategy will be greatly affected by the
investment portfolio of foreign investment managers," Mr. Cho
said.
   Also far exceeding previous estimates was the number of
foreigners registering with the Securities Supervisory Board
to make direct investments in the Seoul bourse: 565 as of
Friday, the Ministry of Finance said. Of those, 421 were
individual investors, and 144 were institutional investors.
   The four nations represented most heavily by the
registrants were Taiwan, with 221 investors; the U.S., 104;
Britain, 90; and Japan, 55.
   The market's broad rally Friday was led by shares with low
price-earnings ratios, which were viewed as most likely to
attract foreign investors.
   One of these issues, Ssangbangwool rose by its upper limit
of 1,000 won, or 3.4%, to close at 30,300 won ($39.94) Friday
and added 1,300 Saturday to close at 31,600.
   Lotte Confectionary advanced 1,300, or 3.7%, to 36,900
Friday and jumped another 1,300 on Saturday to 38,200.
   Financial shares also recorded sharp gains, as worries
about expiring marginloan accounts lessened. Fears that
selling pressure would come from the forced settlement this
month of margin-loan accounts due was the biggest single
factor depressing the market in last year's final sessions.
That anxiety eased, because many such accounts, which were
particulary heavy in financial shares, had been corrected
during the sluggish market in December.
   "Conventional wisdom, saying that financial shares have
typically initiated the upward movement in the turning of the
market, also spurred buying of the financial shares," said
Kim Han Jin, an analyst at Shin Young Securities Co.
   ---
   World Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   Share prices climbed at the opening in Tokyo Monday, as
traders returned from a weeklong New Year's holiday. The
Nikkei 225-index finished the half-day session at 23801.18,
up 817.41 points, as buyers rushed to accommodate the
influence of last week's rally in New York. Stocks also
continued to get a boost from the Bank of Japan's cut in the
discount rate by half a percentage point, to 4.5%. The
reduction was announced on Dec. 30, the last trading day
before the holiday.
   First section volume was estimated at 180 million shares.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 879-103, while 81
issues were unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix,
of all first section issues rose 48.75 points to 1763.43.
   There were local news reports over the holiday indicating
that Japan would make concessions during the visit of
President Bush to stimulate domestic demand. Expectations of
higher infrastructure spending by Japan were also propelling
the market, traders said.
   London share prices firmed Friday, but were off their best
levels, as an early burst of stock-index futures and options
buying faltered. Frankfurt equities ended mixed, after
profit-taking checked continuation of a rally.
   In London's choppy, erratic session, the Financial
Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index rose 11.3 points to
2504.1, off the session's peak of 2515.7, up 22.9. The FT
30stock index climbed 15.4 points to 1901.4. Volume was 452
million shares, compared with 457.1 million shares a day
earlier.
   Investors were positioning themselves for the anticipated
return today after the holidays by institutional investors
who could spark a rally. A healthy opening performance Friday
on Wall Street also helped boost the London market, though
some participants were wary.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index added 1.74 points to
1603.62, in light volume, as many investors and fund managers
were still out on holiday. Of the stocks in the average, 14
advanced and 15 declined, while one was unchanged. The
closing level was well off the intraday high of 1610.35.
Early positive sentiment was spurred by Wall Street's
modestly higher close Thursday to a record and by London's
gains Friday, but Frankfurt had little market-moving news and
stocks were partly undermined by continuing worries about
Germany's slowing economic growth and efforts to moderate
wages this year.
   The end of the holiday period also tended to thin
participation elsewhere in Europe, where share prices gained
overall. Paris stocks' rise occurred on extremely light
turnover. In Milan, share prices gained on a late flurry of
demand for telecommunications stocks that spilled over into
blue chips. Madrid stocks bounced broadly higher on
bargain-hunting after the market's sharp fall in the previous
session; banking shares led the rise. After a weak opening,
Stockholm equities recovered to close mostly higher, though
fundamentals hadn't changed. Bolstered by New York's gains,
Zurich stocks ended higher in active volume in the year's
first session; a slight recovery in the dollar encouraged
investors to buy chemical and food stocks. Countering the
trend, Brussels shares closed mostly lower, partly on weak
corporate news.
   Asian and Pacific markets also had strong performances
overall. Sydney shares started lower but rebounded in thin
business. Hong Kong stocks rose modestly to a fourth
consecutive record, buoyed by hopes of a reduction in local
interest rates; trading, already light because of the
holidays, was thinned further by anxieties about U.S.-China
trade tensions that could hurt Hong Kong re-exports. In
Manila, reacting to positive sentiment prevailing in the
Philippines and on Wall Street, the Composite Index shot past
the 1200 level, the market's high point for 1991 achieved
after the Persian Gulf War, and jumped 48.38 points, or 4.1%,
to 1221.16; the commercial and industrial sectors registered
the best gains.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % 1991
                                    Jan 2    Jan 1     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ...........................   390.1    390.2   + 27.1
 Britain ........................   735.8    737.1   + 15.1
 Canada .........................   393.9    395.8   +  7.4
 Japan ..........................   989.4    989.4   -  0.5
 France .........................   496.0    500.4   + 17.0
 Germany ........................   248.1    243.3   + 10.0
 Hong Kong ......................  3098.5   3095.7   + 42.6
 Switzerland ....................   205.1    205.1   + 21.4
 Australia ......................   350.2    351.2   + 30.8
 World index ....................   535.8    535.4   + 16.1