Inland Reports
   Big Yearly Loss,
   Sets Job Cuts
   ----
   By Clare Ansberry
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In 1990, Inland had a loss of $20.6 million, or $1.41 a
share. Sales fell 12% to $3.4 billion from $3.87 billion in
1990.
   Frank W. Luerssen, chairman, said, "1991 was a year of
many negatives, which we are glad to have behind us." He
noted that prices were low and shipments to the consumer
durables markets fell sharply as a result of the recession;
meanwhile, costs, especially labor-related, were high.
   The near-term outlook isn't much better. "We have no
illusions that the months ahead are going to be anything but
difficult," said Mr. Luerssen. "The outlook for steel orders,
particularly from the automobile industry, remains weak."
Still, he said, the cost-cutting moves should accelerate the
return to profitability.
   In the fourth quarter, the company had a loss of $191.3
million, or $6.44 a share, including the charge. In the 1990
quarter, when several of the company's operations were shut
down, Inland had a loss of $57.1 million, or $2.05 a share.
Excluding the 1991 write-down, the company had a loss of
$26.2 million, or $1.11 a share, in the quarter.
   The loss was slightly higher than analysts estimates of
about $1 a share, excluding write-downs. The company reported
the losses after the market closed. In late New York Stock
Exchange trading yesterday, Inland shares rose $2.375 to
$25.125.
   Inland has been haunted throughout 1991 by high costs,
including those related to the start-up of its $1.1 billion
Nippon Steel Corp. joint venture in rolling and coating
facilities. While those costs may continue into 1992,
analysts generally feel Inland could turn around by focusing
on higher-value products and niche markets.
   Moreover, they note that a new management team is in
place, including two top officials from outside the steel
industry. Inland's new chief financial officer, Earl Mason,
was formerly with Digital Equipment Corp., while the
president of the company's $1.8 billion flat-rolled-product
business is Sandy Nelson Jr., formerly with Aluminum Co. of
America.