Gillett Holdings Inc.
   Files for Chapter 11,
   Offers Revamp Plan
Concurrent with its bankruptcy filing, Gillett submitted a
plan of reorganization that would reduce its debt load and
transfer control of the company to its largest creditor,
Apollo Investments, New York. Former Drexel Burnham Lambert
Inc. investment banker Leon Black is the lead partner in
Apollo, which plans a $40 million capital infusion into
Gillett.
   Gillett said its creditors' committee has unanimously
endorsed the reorganization plan, which would let George
Gillett keep his posts as chairman and president.
   The company didn't say, however, whether bondholder Carl
Icahn will go along with the plan. Mr. Icahn owns about $65
million face value of the company's defaulted 13 7/8% junk
bonds, slightly more than one-third of the total bonds
outstanding in that class.
   Those bonds are currently quoted at about 10 cents on the
dollar. They have the weakest claim on the company's assets
and are due to receive the smallest settlement in the
company's proposed plan of reorganization. Gillett is
offering holders of those bonds their choice of either a 35%
stake in the reorganized company or about six cents on the
dollar and a 17% stake.
   Last week Mr. Icahn broke off talks with other creditors.
Mr. Icahn, a major investor in junk bonds and the chairman of
Trans World Airlines, complained that Mr. Gillett would
benefit unduly from the reorganization plan at the expense of
bondholders.