Imasco's Net Rose
   60% in 4th Period;
   Dividend Increased
   ----
   By G. Pierre Goad
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Montreal tobacco, financial-services, retailing, and
restaurant concern said that per-share net was 74 Canadian
cents in the latest quarter, up from 44 Canadian cents a year
earlier. Revenue fell 2% in the latest period to C$898.6
million from C$913.2 million a year before. Imasco said
system-wide sales, which include the sales of franchised
restaurants and drugstores, fell slightly to C$3.88 billion
in the latest period from C$3.90 billion a year earlier.
   Imasco's results were in line with analysts's
expectations. On the Toronto Stock Exchange, Imasco closed at
C$37.25, up 12.5 Canadian cents.
   Purdy Crawford, chairman and chief executive officer, said
Imasco's "overall results in 1991 were very satisfactory." He
added that the company's Imperial Tobacco unit increased its
share of the Canadian cigarette market by two percentage
points to 62% in 1991. Imperial Tobacco's operating profit
rose 12% to C$116 million in the latest quarter and was up 8%
to C$397 million for 1991. The drugstore unit and
financial-services subsidiary also reported strong gains in
operating profit for the latest quarter and year.
   The company's Hardee's Food Systems unit, the
third-largest hamburger chain in the U.S., had fourth-quarter
operating profit of C$3.9 million, compared with an operating
loss of C$5.5 million a year earlier. For the full year,
Hardee's operating profit skidded 40% to C$41.6 million from
C$69.2 million in 1990. Mr. Crawford blamed the plunge on the
recession, a more competitive fast-food market and
"weaknesses" in Hardee's own operations.
   For all of 1991, Imasco reported net of C$331.6 million,
or C$2.56 a share, up from C$295.1 million, or C$2.25 a
share, in 1990. Net for 1990 included earnings from
discontinued operations of C$3.7 million, or three Canadian
cents a share. Revenue rose slightly to C$3.52 billion in
1991 from C$3.49 billion in 1990. System-wide sales rose 3.6%
to C$15.56 billion in 1991 from C$15.02 billion in 1990.