Tenneco Posts Loss
   Of $26 Million
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Robert Johnson
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In the year-earlier quarter, Tenneco had net income of
$130 million, or $1.03 a share. Revenue fell 6% to $3.64
billion from $3.88 billion. The most recent quarter included
a loss of $8 million, or seven cents a share, from
discontinued operations.
   Tenneco officials wouldn't comment on the provision for
legal costs. The company is being sued in Louisiana state
court in a dispute over a natural-gas contract that involves
its pipeline division. At issue is whether Tenneco's pipeline
division was obligated to buy gas at above-market prices in
an increasingly depressed gas industry. Analysts previously
estimated Tenneco would settle that claim for about $10
million.
   Despite the news, Tenneco shares rose $2.375 to $36.25 in
New York Stock Exchange Trading.
   Analysts say they were pleased with the restructuring
progress and that the litigation provision, which had been
anticipated, at least was made specific.
   Tenneco's biggest division, the J I Case farm and
construction equipment business, was again its biggest
disappointment, posting a pretax loss of $227 million for the
fourth quarter. It had a pretax profit of $54 million a year
earlier. Tenneco said its turnaround measures at Case last
year included slashing employment by 5,000 and reducing
inventories 23% to a six-month supply.
   Tenneco said it expects to "improve operating results in
1992 significantly over 1991." But some analysts say that
just means continued red ink at a lower rate of hemorrhaging.
"I think Case may lose $100 million this year. You say call
that `significant improvement,' but it isn't making a
profit," says Paul Milbauer, an analyst at C.J. Lawrence,
Morgan Grenfell Inc.
   The company's automotive parts division blamed weakness in
world-wide vehicle demand and replacement parts, among other
things, for a 47% slide in fourth-quarter pretax profit to
$18 million from $34 million.
   Packaging division pretax profit tumbled 60% to $21
million from $53 million. Latest-quarter results don't
include a one-time pretax gain of $42 million from the sale
of three short-line railroads. Tenneco blamed a decline in
profit margins for containerboard and start-up costs and
certain "operational difficulties" in its molded fiber
division.
   Fourth-quarter pretax profit in the shipbuilding division
slipped 14% to $49 million from $57 million. Tenneco said the
decline was partly because of "decreased aircraft carrier and
submarine construction work."
   For the full year, Tenneco reported a net loss of $732
million, or $6.09 a share, including restructuring charges
totaling $552 million before taxes and a loss of $58 million
from discontinued operations. A year earlier, the company had
net of $561 million, or $4.37 a share. Revenue fell 5.8% to
$13.66 billion from $14.51 billion.
   Tenneco said its 1991 restructuring included the sale of
$686 million of assets, a $50 million reduction in capital
spending and the start of a $300 million-a-year cost-cutting
strategy.