Letters to the Editor:
   The Growing Attacks
   On Religious Freedom
This serious trend, which attacks the religious freedom
that many Americans consider the very foundation of
individual liberty, illustrates a simple point. Contrary to
the recent protestations of the Senate Judiciary Committee,
Republicans and Democrats alike, property rights are not
contrary to individual rights. They are inseparable.
   Virginia I. Postrel
   Editor
   Reason Los Angeles
   ---
   Your article on opposition to churches at first surprised
me tremendously. After a decade of the Reagan Right, I would
have thought that we weren't building churches fast enough.
   Then I realized something: God, I'm just not with the
times] If you're going to evangelize, you might as well
target the heart of the potential flock.
   And so it is my advice to the clergy to convert likewise.
Specifically, you could draw the flock to your favor with the
following verses:
   "Blessed are the worldly selfish who emulate shopping-mall
advertising as fact; they shall cease giving a damn and enjoy
it."
   "Blessed are the suburban perfect, who never suffer or cry
and who detest those with faults; they will prosper in
judgmental apathy."
   "Blessed, too, are they who blame their child's coach,
teacher and everybody else when truth is terribly close;
their attorneys will inherit punitive damages."
   "Blessed are you ministers when you bury a resurrected god
so that it can be recreated in the heathen's image and
likeness. Amidst convenience stores and hydromulch yards,
your harvest will be proportionally great indeed."
   Rich Agnello
   Raleigh, N.C.