Who's News:
   Bank of New York
   Promotes Renyi
   To Senior Posts
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Renyi, 46, leapfrogged a number of other senior
executives for the post, including Alan Griffith, 50,
president of the main banking unit. "The decision speaks for
itself," said J. Carter Bacot, chairman and chief executive,
when asked to explain the promotion. "You look at a person's
experience and record."
   Still, few analysts believe that the 59-year-old Mr. Bacot
is grooming an heir apparent. He isn't likely to retire for
six years. If anything, the move clouds the water for a
possible successor, say analysts, by bringing in another
young executive to the upper ranks. Mr. Bacot would only say
that Messrs. Renyi and Griffith are among future contenders
for the chairmanship of the $39 billion banking company.
   Mr. Renyi has been chief credit officer since November
1989 after serving as head of the Bank of New York/Irving
Transition team for almost two years. He started as a
management trainee in 1971 and was named senior vice
president and head of the newly formed capital markets
division in 1984. In 1986 he was named to the bank's credit
committee.
   Mr. Renyi is the official most responsible for the bank's
aggressive approach in reducing problem assets over the last
year, mostly through the sale of distressed loans and
write-downs. In the six months ending December 1991,
nonperforming assets fell by $494 million to $1.35 billion.
   Bank officials said the biggest challenge facing the bank
is the reduction of problem assets. Mr. Renyi said the bank
would continue to sell assets opportunistically, but not at
last year's torrid pace. Officials forecast that
nonperforming assets and the level of loan-loss provisions
would be lower this year than in 1991.