Economy:
   Durable-Goods
   Orders Rose 1.5%
   During January
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"Ordinarily, in such slow economic times, you wouldn't
expect such a strong investment in capital goods," said
Gordon Richards, economist for the National Association of
Manufacturers here. "But businesses are investing to increase
efficiency and lower costs."
   Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady said he is convinced the
economy is beginning to rebound, telling the National
Association of Business Economists that "I see robins on the
lawn now." Americans, he said, have deferred purchases so
long they can't do so much longer.
   But before the same audience, David Mullins, vice chairman
of the Federal Reserve Board, was more cautious. "It's not at
all clear to me we're out of the woods yet," he said. Mr.
Mullins said he wouldn't be surprised if the Commerce
Department reports that the economy actually shrank in the
current quarter because businesses are adjusting their
inventories.
   Mr. Mullins didn't suggest that another round of
interest-rate reductions is imminent, however. "We feel we
have quite a bit of stimulus in the pipeline," he said.
   But he reminded the business economists that strong signs
of recovery emerged early last summer only to disappear. With
that in mind, the Fed is watching the economy "very, very
carefully indeed," he said.
   The Commerce Department report said that, in the
capital-goods industries, large increases in aircraft,
computer and office equipment and search and navigation
equipment more than offset a decrease in communications
equipment.
   Michael Boskin, the chief White House economist,
cautiously welcomed the boost in non-defense capital goods.
"I was pleased to see the nondefense capital goods orders
pick up at a decent clip, but I'd like to see that continue
for two or three more months before we make too much of it,"
he said.
   New orders for industrial machinery accounted for the
largest increase in durable goods in January, the report
said. They were up 6.3% to $21.1 billion. Orders for
transportation equipment were also up, while orders for
electronic equipment fell after four consecutive increases.
   In a sign that the weak economy still has a hold on the
manufacturing sector, unfilled orders for big-ticket items
decreased 0.3% in January to $487.9 billion, their lowest
level since October 1989.
   All the figures are adjusted for normal seasonal
variations.
   ---
                       DURABLE GOODS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's latest figures on new
orders for durable goods, in millions of dollars, seasonally
adjusted:
                                                                                                       

                                Jan.      Dec.     % Chg.
                                                                                                       

 Total ......................  119.58    117.78      1.5
   Primary Metals ...........    9.73      9.87    - 1.4
   Nonelect. machinery ......   21.07     19.83      6.3
   Electrical machinery .....   17.37     18.27    - 4.9
   Transportation equip. ....   29.35     29.01      1.2
   Capital goods ............   39.26     38.66      1.5
   Non-defense ..............   31.54     28.89      9.1
   Defense ..................    7.72      9.77    -21.0