Citicorp Stake
   May Be Boosted
   By Saudi Prince
   ----
   By Peter Pae
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The move, if approved by regulatory agencies and then
completed, would make Prince Al-Waleed the largest Citicorp
shareholder. Wellington Management Co. of Boston is now the
largest shareholder, with an 8.05% stake in the common.
   A Fed spokesman said the agency received the request but
couldn't comment on its contents.
   Prince Al-Waleed had told the Fed he would file a notice
with it if he decided not to sell the 4.8% of common shares
he already owns and limit his holdings to under 10%. The
discussions with the Fed were in connection with the prince's
acquisition of convertible preferred shares for $590 million
from Citicorp in February 1991. Under the acquisition, the
prince can't hold more than 15% of the common for the next
four years.
   The proxy statement, which was mailed to shareholders
yesterday, also said Citicorp's top two executives received
no salary increases in 1991, reflecting dismal results for
the largest bank in the U.S.
   In the proxy statement, Citicorp said its chairman, John
S. Reed, received $1,220,000 in compensation while Richard S.
Braddock, its president, was compensated $848,000 in 1991. No
bonuses were awarded to members of the senior management
team, although some gained slight salary increases. Neither
Mr. Reed nor the top four officials received bonuses for
1990, either. The last time Mr. Reed received a bonus under
the company's incentive compensation plan was 1989, when he
got $455,000.
   The drawback on executive compensation resulted from
Citicorp's loss of $457 million last year because of problems
with commercial real estate. Last week, the bank said in its
annual report that it expects losses from troubled loans to
remain high in 1992.