OTC Focus:
   Profit-Taking Trims Index by 0.12%
   As Formerly Favored Issues Fall Again
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Stocks that led the market sharply higher last year, and
up about 8% so far this year, faltered for a second
consecutive day. Amgen dropped 1 1/4 to 65, Microsoft eased 2
to 122 1/2, Immunex dropped 2 5/8 to 54 3/4 and Novell lost 1
3/8 to 60 1/4.
   "We are still getting profit-taking in a lot of the Nasdaq
stocks that have had such fabulous run-ups," said William
Rothe, managing director of OTC trading at Alex. Brown 
Sons. He attributed that in part to an ongoing shift among
investors into cyclical stocks, in anticipation of a stronger
economy this year.
   National Market System volume totaled 170,220,000 shares,
up from 153,160,000 shares Monday, but below the levels
recorded last week as the market set several record highs.
   Trading "seems to be slowing down and people are getting
more cautious," said James Volk, director of OTC
institutional trading at Charles Schwab  Co. "At these
valuations, people want to be a lot more careful than they
were at the beginning of January," he said.
   Big Board shares, meanwhile, remained somewhat stronger.
The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index added a fraction
of a point, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced
6.49, or 0.20%.
   Providential Corp., a new issue, jumped to 20 from its
offering price of $16 a share, on heavy volume of 3.7 million
shares. The issue was increased to 4.2 million shares from
3.5 million. Providential, based in San Francisco, provides
reverse mortgage loans.
   Reverse mortgages allow senior citizens to generate income
from the equity in their homes -- in effect selling the
property bit-by-bit over a number of years. Analysts said
companies such as Providential will benefit as the number of
property-owning senior citizens increases.
   Elsewhere, CompUSA jumped 1 1/2 to 35 3/4 after it posted
earnings from operations of 34 cents a share for the second
quarter, ended in December, up from net income of six cents a
share a year ago. Sales at the Dallas computer retailer rose
to $201.9 million from $142.3 million.
   Zitel Corp. rose 5/8 to 10 1/8 after Kemper Securities
Group analyst Debra Silversmith initiated coverage of the
stock with a "strong buy" recommendation, Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said. The Milpitas, Calif.,
company makes solid-state memory devices.
   Scotts Co. advanced 1 to 22. The lawn-care products
company reported a loss of 23 cents a share for the first
quarter, ended Dec. 28, narrower than the 29-cent-a-share
deficit reported a year ago. It attributed the loss to slow
winter season sales, but it said the results were helped by
early orders from some customers.
   Medical Graphics climbed 2 7/8 to 16 after it won approval
from the Food and Drug Administration to market the PF/ DX
lung diagnostic system. The device is used in detecting and
monitoring diseases such as asthma, emphysema and cancer.
   First Federal Savings  Loan Association of Lenawee
County's shares soared 7 1/2 to 25 1/2. The company agreed to
be acquired by Standard Federal Bank in a transaction valued
at $46.2 million. Standard Federal's shares were unchanged at
18 1/2 in Big Board composite trading.
   Costco Wholesale gained 1/2 to 58 3/4. The company
declared a 3-for-2 stock split.
   Dibrell Brothers lost 1 1/2 to 31 1/2 despite its report
that net income rose to 54 cents a share in the second
quarter, ended Dec. 31, from 45 cents a share a year earlier.
The company said sales at its tobacco operations fell 4.9% in
the period.
   Moleculon gained 1 1/2 to 17 1/4. It earned 23 cents a
share in the second quarter, ended in December, up from 12
cents a share a year ago. Latest-quarter net includes a gain
of three cents a share from a tax benefit.
   Sun Coast Plastics rose 5/8 to 4 3/4. The company posted
second-quarter net from operations of $318,000, compared with
net income of $48,000 a year ago.
   St. Jude Medical rose 2 3/4 to 49 3/4. The company is
expected to disclose fourth-quarter earnings today. Analysts
expect the medical devices company to post earnings of about
45 cents a share, up from 33 cents a share last year.