Technology  Medicine:
   Government Issues
   Quality Standards
   For Medical Labs
   ----
   By Hilary Stout
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The law was passed after investigations found that medical
labs were making numerous errors in evaluating critical
medical tests. In some labs more than half of the results of
Pap smears, used for detecting cervical cancer, were false
negative.
   Under the rules issued yesterday, labs that perform no
more than eight types of simple tests can apply for a waiver
from the inspections and oversight requirements of the law.
Those tests are: dipstick or tablet urinalysis; ovulation
tests; urine pregnancy tests, non-automated erythrocyte
sedimentation rate; hemoglobin; fecal occult blood; spun
micro-hematocrit; and certain blood glucose tests.
   But even the labs that receive waivers must register with
the Federal Health Care Financing Administration and
demonstrate "good laboratory practice," the department said.
   The regulations also list new sanctions the government can
impose, including fines of as much as $10,000 a violation or
a day of noncompliance, or a suspension, limitation or
revocation of a lab's certificate. In the past, the only
sanction generally available was to ban the lab from
participating in the Medicare program -- a measure that was
considered so extreme that it was used with great
reservation.
   Labs will be charged $100 to $600 for registration and
inspections, the department said.
   The new rules will be published today in the Federal
Register and will be open for a 60-day public-comment period.
The rules are expected to take effect six months from now.