World Markets:
   Tokyo Equities Climb on Hopes a Market Bottom
   Has Been Found; London, Frankfurt Stocks Rise
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Friday, the Nikkei spurted 528.91 points to close the
morning session at 22086.58.
   Thursday's first-section volume was estimated at 250
million shares, up from 205.6 million shares Wednesday.
Gainers outnumbered decliners, 704-266; 151 were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which edged up 1.26 points Wednesday,
added 13.62 points to 1598.35.
   On anxiety about Wall Street's plunge Wednesday, Tokyo
shares fell briefly at the opening Thursday but pushed higher
and the Nikkei climbed as much as 416.88 points before
dropping in the last half-hour of trading. Foreigners
remained steady buyers, and individual buying was also in
evidence.
   Though Thursday's rise in Tokyo was partly termed an
artificial move related to exercising of options and
arbitrage in covering of short positions, it also was viewed
as a reflection of growing buying interest at current levels.
Stocks' gains also defied a decline in Japanese government
bond prices and a rise in bond yields. Stocks were affected
further by a large amount of cross-trading in Osaka and Tokyo
between investment trusts and funds before the fiscal year
end on March 31.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index added 4.3 points to 2550.8. The FT 30-stock index rose
7.8 points to 1973.6. Volume was 680.5 million shares,
compared with 559.7 million shares a day earlier.
   Shares were weak from the outset of London trading after
Wall Street's slump Wednesday, but reversed direction to head
higher as New York equities opened firmly Thursday. The
British market stalled late in the session on London-based
rumors of a coup to oust Russian President Boris Yeltsin, who
is visiting the U.K.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 8.51 points to
1680.91. Shares opened weakly but swung back up, amid
noticeable buying interest by foreign banks.
   Among other big bourses world-wide, shares were mixed
overall. Wall Street's day-earlier slide gave many investors
in Europe the jitters. Milan share prices ended down broadly.
Paris stocks sagged, depressed by bad U.S. economic
indicators. Stockholm shares' decline also stemmed from
worries about Swedish corporations' performance.
   In trading on big Pacific and Asian exchanges, Sydney
stocks fell for the third session in a row, influenced by the
Wednesday rout on Wall Street and continuing softness in the
Australian bond market. Wellington's string of consecutive
declines also extended to three, on bearishness linked to
Wall Street's performance.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British
Telecommunications rose 4 pence, or 1.2%, to 329 pence
($5.91). Pretax profit for BT's third quarter ended Dec. 31
declined 3.6% to #759 million ($1.36 billion) from a year
earlier, as the British economy's weak tone exposed the
company to new competitive and regulatory pressures. The
results were toward the lower end of previous market
estimates, though some analysts praised BT for holding the
earnings decrease to moderate levels.
   Rank Organisation soared 45, or 7.6%, to 640, in heavy
trading of five million shares. The leisure conglomerate's
pretax profit for the year ended Oct. 31 fell 20% to #250.5
million, as a 4.6% gain in operating profit was more than
wiped out by a 474% jump in interest payments that resulted
from higher rates and acquisition debt. Still, the results
were at the top end of analysts' expectations. The annual
dividend was held unchanged at 31 pence a share, and this was
met with relief in the market.
   In Frankfurt, Bayerische Motoren Werke advanced 6 marks,
or 1.2%, to 523.50 marks ($326.56). The auto maker said its
world-wide group sales for 1991 rose 9.8% to 29.83 billion
marks ($18.61 billion). BMW also said group earnings
increased but didn't provide specifics. It is scheduled to
present the annual results May 12.
   In Paris, Financiere de Paribas slumped 7.50 French
francs, or 2.1%, to 347.50 francs ($63.60). The company,
which heads a major banking and investment group, said in a
preliminary report that it had a 1991 net loss, after
payments to minority interests, of 200 million francs ($36.6
million), compared with year-earlier profit of 2.5 billion
francs. But the latest results include special items of 2.6
billion francs to cover Paribas's share of risks at its
Banque Paribas Suisse unit; these risks are linked to loans
to the group headed by late British media executive Robert
Maxwell and the Paribas Suisse real estate portfolio. Paribas
said it intends to maintain its dividend payout in 1992
unchanged at 12 francs a share.
   In Brussels, Solvay dropped 500 Belgian francs, or 4%, to
12,100 francs ($366.15). The chemical company, providing only
percentage changes, said its 1991 consolidated profit fell
20% from the year-earlier 15.9 billion francs ($481.1
million), to an indicated 12.1 billion francs, because of
eroded margins in the plastics sector. Profit before special
items skidded 40%. Sales were flat at about 255 billion
francs. The latest results were slightly better than analysts
had expected, though operating profit was a bit worse than
anticipated.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                 %1991
                              Jan 29    Jan 28    Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ...................   383.7     388.0    + 25.0
   Britain ................   752.6     755.1    + 17.8
   Canada .................   407.4     409.4    + 11.1
   Japan ..................   916.9     916.3    -  7.8
   France .................   531.7     534.5    + 25.4
   Germany ................   258.9     259.5    + 14.8
   Hong Kong ..............  3346.3    3358.1    + 54.0
   Switzerland ............   216.3     218.7    + 28.1
   Australia ..............   344.1     344.5    + 28.5
   World index ............   522.1     522.7    + 13.1