Chevron to Cut Back
   Port Arthur Refinery,
   Trim Jobs, Spending
The plan is similar to one outlined last month, which led
to a fourth-quarter charge of $83 million. The move is the
most benign of four options considered for the plant, which
included selling it outright, seeking a joint venture partner
or shutting it down except for chemical manufacturing, which
would have eliminated 1,600 of the plant's 1,900 jobs.
   The company said the reconfiguration will reduce the
refinery's capital spending from an anticipated $1 billion
over the next five years to about a third as much. Much of
the cost would have stemmed from bringing the plant into
compliance with new, tougher environmental regulations.
   Although a spokesman said the company does not view the
streamlining as an interim step, several analysts said it's
likely that the company may eventually have to reconsider
some of the more drastic options, including shutting the
plant down. The overhaul is part of Chevron's broader plan to
accelerate the disposal of marginal petroleum properties and
reduce employment by at least 2,500.
   Weak gasoline demand and increased environmental
regulation have pressured Chevron to reduce costs, but it
also faces contentious unions and sticky public relations
issues in Port Arthur, which has been hard hit by the
economic downturn.