World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Repel Anxiety Attack but Continue
   Crawl to Lows as Problems Defy Policy Efforts
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Late last week, anxiety was rife that the expiration of
stock-futures contracts on Friday would lead to a huge
sell-off of stocks. While such worries are familiar to, and
largely discounted by, anyone who traded in the U.S. markets
in the late 1980s, they have yet to be allayed in Japan.
Futures trading dominates activity here like in no other
major market, and such derivitive products aren't well
understood by many players.
   As on all previous expiration days, the expected panic
didn't happen. The Nikkei 225-stock average on Friday dropped
105.82 points to 20456.06, after briefly falling below a
17-month low earlier in the day. Despite fears that the
Nikkei could plunge 1,000 points or so at the Friday futures
expiration, the Thursday and Friday sessions ended down a
total of only 136.08 points.
   So much for the good news. The bad news: The market
continues its slow crawl downward, and many Japanese analysts
believe it hasn't hit bottom yet. Even optimists' forecasts
have a pessimistic tone.
   "The change of sentiment, when it comes, will be all to
the bullish side, because it's so bearish now," said Craig
Chudler, strategist at UBS Phillips  Drew International
Ltd., who expects the market to gain as much as 20% by
December.
   On Monday, the Nikkei index fell 397.74 points to close
the morning session at 20058.32.
   Continuing talk of another cut in Japan's official
discount rate, as well as Friday's passage of a 72.22
trillion-yen ($538.18 billion) budget for the fiscal year
beginning April 1 by the Lower House of Japan's Diet, or
parliament, had little supportive effect on Friday's market.
   Passage of the budget will enable the government to speed
up spending on public works projects and stimulate Japan's
stagnating economy. But many analysts said the budget doesn't
have enough oomph to turn Japan around.
   "Politically, it's some help" to a market that is worried
about the strength of the scandal-beset government of Prime
Minister Kiichi Miyazawa, said Masanobu Takahashi, director
of corporate research at Sanyo Investment Research Ltd.
   "But the budget isn't strong enough," Mr. Takahashi said.
"Most major manufacturers are still suffering from huge
inventory pileup." His firm predicts overall profits of
Japanese companies will fall 17.6% in the year ending March
31, and to drop an additional 8.2% in the following fiscal
year.
   A supplementary budget, with specific stimulatory
measures, is expected from the government, but it remains
doubtful whether that budget can be passed before Upper House
elections in July.
   The rate cut is expected within the next several weeks,
despite the central bank chief's firm stance that the economy
is going through an adjustment phase after years of rapid
growth and that the central bank is monitoring effects of
prior rate cuts. The discount rate, which was last cut on
Dec. 30, stands at 4.5%, and political and business leaders
have called for a cut of at least another one-half percentage
point.
   Friday's Nikkei close was the lowest since Oct. 1, 1990,
when 20221.86 marked the bottom of Japan's 1990 stock crash.
The market touched below that low on an intraday level
Friday, reaching 20168.15, before springing back up.
Declining issues outnumbered gaining issues 648-315. The
Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first section
issues, declined 8.21 points to 1464.00.
   But the market is so bearish that few took note of the
Nikkei's new low. The broader Topix index is already at 1986
levels, because of a plunge in the share prices of Japan's
regional banks.
   "We think {the Nikkei average} is near the bottom, but we
could test sub-20000 levels," said Kathy Matsui, investment
strategist at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Securities (Japan.)
   Trading volumes remain poor, thus commission revenues at
Japanese securities houses still dwindle. Volume, which
totaled 297 million shares Thursday, rose Friday to an
estimated 650 million contracts, but that was only because of
adjustments with the futures contract. Since Dec. 13, the
last time volume was that high -- it too was a futures
expiration day -- trading volume in the Tokyo market has
topped 300 million shares just twice, while Japanese brokers
consider 500 million the minimum needed for profitability.
   "Nomura {Securities Co.} and Kokusai {Securities Co.} will
show a profit this year," Mr. Takahashi of Sanyo Investment
said, predicting that all other major Japanese securities
companies "will show a loss."
   Securities firms are trying to cope with the drop in
profits by transferring people from home offices to retail
branch networks, hoping to drum up private investor support
for the market. Early reports indicate some success, but
institutional players are still shy of the market.
   "This market really needs a discountrate easing," Mr.
Chudler of UBS Phillips said, noting that more than 40
trillion yen is parked in the short-term money market as
players decide where to put their cash. Life insurers and
stock-market investment trusts have particularly large
amounts invested.
   ---
   World Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   London stock prices fell Friday on political jitters. The
Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index gave up 17.3
points to 2476.0. The FT 30-stock index declined 12.8 points
to 1935.8. Volume rose to 555.7 million shares from 483.4
million shares in the previous session. Since Tuesday, the FT
100 retreated 98.8 points, or about 4%, as investors were
displeased with the Conservative government's budget
proposal.
   After the first post-budget political opinion poll
suggested that the April 9 national elections might end in a
hung Parliament, investors were nervous Friday because of
market rumors that weekend polls would show the opposition
Labor Party leading the Tories by as much as 10 percentage
points. In addition, hefty selling of equity futures took its
toll on stocks.
   In Frankfurt, stock prices rose slightly in sluggish
dealings. The DAX 30-stock index added 5.14 points to
1732.64. Investors have recently been taking profits, and
unfavorable German economic data Friday didn't provide any
positive inspiration.
   Hong Kong shares rose to a third consecutive record,
despite a strong wave of profit-taking. Stockholm equities
reversed a two-day slide, gaining broadly on a stronger
dollar and hopes for lower Swedish interest rates.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This
                             Mar 12     Mar 11     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ...................   378.6      378.6    - 3.0
   Britain ................   744.3      753.2    + 1.0
   Canada .................   392.5      394.3    - 0.8
   Japan ..................   842.7      847.1    -14.8
   France .................   548.6      556.0    + 9.6
   Germany ................   267.5      269.3    +10.0
   Hong Kong ..............  3704.5     3673.7    +19.7
   Switzerland ............   220.2      222.1    + 7.4
   Australia ..............   340.3      344.5    - 3.1
   World index ............   491.9      494.8    - 8.1