What's News --
   Business and Finance
Federal Express is considering restructurings or links to
third parties, including Australia's TNT, to stem overseas
losses. Federal Express's stock price jumped $3.50 to $47.75.
   ---
   House Democrats introduced the president's entire package
of proposed tax cuts even though he and the Republicans have
pruned the plan so that it focuses on a capital gains cut.
   ---
   The IRS ruled that a company that enters Chapter 11 to
deal with liability claims can't deduct as current expenses
the legal, accounting and consulting costs incurred as part
of the bankruptcy-law proceedings.
   ---
   GM doubled to $1.5 billion the size of its planned
offering of convertible preference shares. Chrysler,
meanwhile, may expand its planned private offering of
convertible preferred stock to $1 billion from $400 million.
   ---
   Salomon began negotiating with the SEC to determine the
penalties the firm will face for violating Treasury bidding
rules and securities laws, say people close to the talks.
   ---
   The thrift-cleanup agency is packaging $528 million in
small commercial real estate loans into securities, which it
plans to sell within days. The transaction could lead to an
expanded secondary market for such loans.
   ---
   Maxwell Communication's administrators are considering a
plan that would give creditors a large stake in the company's
main U.S. operations.
   ---
   Dow Corning's executive shake-up signals the company is
moving toward a conciliatory stance in dealing with critics
of its breast implants.
   ---
   The Treasury sold a record $15 billion in three-year notes
at a 5.54% average yield, the lowest since regular auctions
of such notes began in 1974.
   ---
   The U.S. delayed until 1993 rules barring companies from
giving high-paid executives pension benefits that are
disproportionately greater than those given to lower-paid
workers.
   ---
   Westinghouse's debt was downgraded by Moody's, possibly
hindering the company's plan to sell about $500 million in
preferred stock.
   ---
   IBM is making several new mainframe computers available
for sale several months ahead of schedule.
   ---
   First Capital filed a reorganization plan that would give
lenders ownership of the company's life insurers.
   ---
   Paramount is selling two new big-budget television series
directly to stations, bypassing the networks.
   ---
   British Airways' profit quintupled in the latest period as
cost cuts helped the company cope with the recession. The
carrier's stock soared in London.
   ---
   Viacom's net loss narrowed in the fourth quarter as its
operating profit grew fivefold, aided by strength in its TV
network and cable TV divisions.
   ---
   Wheat futures prices sank as some commodity fund managers
took profits after a seven-month rally.
   ---
   Some Lloyd's of London investors agreed to end their suit
against Lloyd's agents. The investors will get $210.9 million
for their losses.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 200,110,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3251.57, up 6.49; transportation 1390.32, up 1.49; utilities
208.69, up 1.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4219.09, off 2.71.
   Commodities: Oil $19.28 a barrel, off 50 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.90, off 1.16; spot index 118.75, off 0.61.
   Dollar: 127.40 yen, up 0.70; 1.5945 marks, up 0.0172.