Citicorp Registers
   To Sell the Rest
   Of Its Ambac Stake
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But the shares now trade at more than $32 each, up 63%
from the offering price. Citicorp still holds 17.4 million
shares, which would raise $570 million at market prices if it
sells the entire block. In late New York Stock Exchange
trading yesterday, Ambac fell 37.5 cents a share to $32.75.
   Ambac said yesterday it would soon register the remaining
49.7% stake. A Citicorp spokeswoman declined to comment on
the number of shares that would be sold or the timing of the
sale. "The registration enables us to sell, if we choose to,"
the spokeswoman said.
   Citicorp has been quickening the pace of asset sales in
recent weeks. Last week it announced the sale of 10% of its
stake in Saudi American Bank, a move that probably will raise
about $336 million, according to estimates made by First
Boston Corp.
   Analysts said the Ambac sale was a logical move for the
banking giant because of the appreciation of the stock and
the effort to sell non-core businesses. Ambac was founded by
Citicorp to insure the principal payments of municipal
securities. In the nine months ended Sept. 30, Ambac profit
rose to $85.6 million, or $2.45 a share, from $79.9 million,
or $2.28 a share, a year ago.
   Citicorp shares jumped $2.125 each, to $15.125, in late
Big Board trading yesterday.