Bank Groups Fight
   Proposed Increase
   In FDIC Premiums
Banks currently pay a premium of 23 cents on each $100 of
domestic deposits. Mr. Taylor has hinted that the premium
will rise at mid-year, possibly to as high as 30 cents, to
pump money into the Bank Insurance Fund, which has been
drained by more than 1,000 bank failures over the past six
years.
   Last year, Congress authorized the FDIC to borrow as much
as $30 billion from the Treasury to help the fund through the
continuing wave of bank failures. The law requires the FDIC
establish a premium schedule that will repay the loans in 15
years and build the fund's reserves to 1.25% of insured
deposits.
   Leaders of banking committees in Congress want the FDIC to
boost premiums quickly to reduce the chances that the bank
deposit fund will require a taxpayer bailout, similar to the
public rescue of depositors in savings and loans. Given the
congressional pressure, the FDIC isn't likely to skip a
premium increase this summer. The last increase was in June
1991, when the premium rose to 23 cents from 19.5 cents.
   Separately, a House Banking Committee study raised
questions about the benefits of banking industry mergers and
consolidations, which Bush administration and many bankers
contend are the key to a stronger banking industry. The staff
study found that larger banks have a lower return on assets
that smaller banks. The study, which is likely to form the
basis for committee hearings on the bank mergers, is one of
several recent analyses to raise doubts about the advantages
of banking consolidation.