Business Briefs
Glaxo Holdings PLC sold 30 pharmaceutical brands to Medeva
PLC for #13.5 million ($24.2 million). The 30 brands generate
annual sales of #6.5 million.
   ---
   Granada Foods Corp. completed the previously reported sale
of Texas Meat Purveyors Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, to
Freedman Food Services for about $12.7 million.
   ---
   Halston Borghese International Ltd. completed the purchase
of the Halston and Princess Marcella Borghese trademarks and
licenses from Revlon Inc. Terms of the transaction for the
fragrance and accessories brands weren't disclosed.
   ---
   McDonnell Douglas Corp. received a $14.7 million contract
for recertification of Navy Tomahawk sea-launched cruise
missiles.
   ---
   Morrison Knudsen Corp. has been unable to reach an
agreement to work jointly with Sumitomo Corp. on a $120
million contract to build 41 transit vehicles for the Los
Angeles County Metro Green Line.
   ---
   American Telephone  Telegraph Co.'s NCR Corp. unit
received the first order for its parallel computer system
from a Spanish bank for $2.8 million.
   ---
   Sharp Manufacturing Co. of America, a subsidiary of Sharp
Corp., is building a $16 million facility in Memphis, Tenn.,
to manufacture microwave oven parts.
   ---
   Chevron Chemical Co., a subsidiary of Chevron Corp., is
marketing its "environmentally safe" potassium acetate liquid
runway de-icer for use on U.S. airport runways.
   ---
   Concord Camera Corp. entered into an agreement with
Midlantic Corp.'s Midlantic National Bank unit to restructure
the partial repayment of a $2.5 million credit line.