OTC Focus:
   Index Slips Slightly, but MGI Pharma
   Plunges 52% on Worries Over Its Drug
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Biotechnology shares slumped further after Barron's
magazine said the group may continue to disappoint investors
after last year's hot performance. The Dow Jones index of
biotechnology and medical stocks was January's
worst-performing industry group. Bellwether Amgen fell 1 5/8
to 66 1/4, Synergen tumbled 3 1/4 to 54 1/4, Centocor dropped
1 3/4 to 49 1/4, Biogen slipped 2 1/4 to 30 1/2, and Immune
Response fell 3 1/4 to 31 3/4.
   MGI Pharma plunged 11 5/8 to 10 3/4 after the
Minneapolis-based drug maker suspended human trials of its
drug to treat side effects of chemotherapy amid concerns
about weight loss in patients taking the drug. The move came
just a week after MGI Pharma reassured investors that its
plans for the drug were on track despite a setback for U.S.
Bioscience, which had been told by regulators that a similar
product it makes needs further studies. Shares of U.S.
Bioscience, traded on the American Stock Exchange, have
fallen to 15 3/4 from 31 1/2.
   MGI Pharma underscored yet again the perils of investing
in drug companies before regulators approve their products
for sale. At least one large investor, however, defended the
strategy even though he was stung by yesterday's collapse.
The $1.1 billion Fidelity Select Biotechnology Fund owned
more than 800,000 shares of the company, though it has
reduced its stake from nearly 1.2 million shares owned in
late December, Michael Gordon, portfolio manager, said in an
interview. With more than 150 stocks in his fund, "it wasn't
a terribly significant piece of the fund, but you never like
to see stocks you own get cut in half," Mr. Gordon said.
   In many cases, Mr. Gordon said, he's willing to take the
risk that a drug company will suffer a setback as it
shepherds a drug to market so that he doesn't miss out on the
big gains that occur as investors speculate on a company's
chance of success. Like many drug company investors, Mr.
Gordon said he prefers to buy shares of promising companies
while their drugs are still being studied. "But sometimes we
miss," he said.
   One-product companies such as MGI can be hazardous,
particularly if they don't expect to report earnings for
several years, said Steven McNally of Nicholas-Applegate
Capital Management in San Diego. Mr. McNally, who bought MGI
Pharma last fall at 10, bailed out in January when it hit 23.
"Part of it was just luck," he said, adding that the stock's
big gains prompted him to sell it.
   Meanwhile, Employers Casualty shares sank 1 13/16 to 15/16
after the company reported a fourth-quarter loss of $35.4
million, or $3.52 a share, and said it won't take on any new
business while it tries to settle a dispute with Texas
regulators over accounting issues. The fourth-quarter deficit
includes a charge of $57.2 million taken as a reserve against
future losses. In the year-earlier period, the company earned
$8.9 million, or 88 cents a share.
   Employers Casualty, based in Dallas, said it is
accelerating cost-cutting moves and seeking a capital
infusion. If forced by Texas officials to make adjustments
for the accounting items, which total about $85 million, the
company said it will have negative shareholders' equity.
   Among active OTC issues were Intel, which gained 3/4 to 65
1/4, Tele-Communications Class A, which added 1/8 to 15 3/4,
and Salem Carpet Mills, which jumped 2 3/16 to 7 11/16. Salem
Carpet agreed to be acquired by Shaw Industries for $65
million in cash or stock.
   REN jumped 1 1/4 to 11 1/8 after it said it will sell an
additional 1.2 million shares of its common to Cobe
Laboratories, a unit of Gambro AB. The $12 million purchase
will increase Cobe's stake in the company to 30% from 23%.
   Basic American Medical gained 2 1/2 to 14 1/4 after it
recorded fourth-quarter net income of 53 cents a share, up
from earnings of 36 cents a share a year earlier. Revenue
rose to $82.3 million from $71.8 million.
   Software Toolworks eased 1/2 to 6 3/4. The company had net
of five cents a share in its third quarter, ended Dec. 31,
after a loss of 19 cents a share a year earlier, but that was
below the 16 cents a share projected by an analyst surveyed
by First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks.
   In Focus Systems advanced 1 to 13. The company said it has
developed a method to enable inexpensive liquid-crystal
computer and television screens to display color images.
   Cytogen dropped 1 to 22 3/4. The Wisconsin Investment
Board disclosed in a Securities and Exchange Commission
filing that it has reduced its stake in the company to less
than 5%.
   Chipcom rose 3/4 to 28 1/2 after Kidder Peabody analyst
Paul Weinstein initiated coverage of the stock with a "buy"
recommedation. Separately, Chipcom introduced three computer
networking products.
   ---
   Phillip E. Nalbone contributed to this article.