Ontario Hydro Says
   Savings Will Allow It
   To Defer New Plants
The utility, which supplies all of Ontario's electricity
needs, filed a revision to its 25-year supply and demand
plan, now under review by Ontario's Environmental Assessment
Board. The board began studying the plan, which originally
called for at least two additional nuclear generating
facilities to be in operation by 2014, after the province's
newly elected socialist government put a freeze on
construction of new nuclear power plants.
   While Marc Eliesen, chairman of Ontario Hydro, said
nuclear facilities should still be considered as an option,
he told the board he believes there won't be a need for
construction of large-scale facilities until at least 2009,
seven years later than originally estimated.
   He said that by holding off on major supply options,
Ontario Hydro is avoiding building expensive generating
capacity before it is needed. "The deferral of new supply
will reduce our borrowing to 2014 by about C$9 billion," he
said.
   Previously, Mr. Eliesen had noted that two years of flat
demand also has helped push back the date for new nuclear
facilities. While he said the recession is expected to curb
electricity demand again this year, officials of the
state-owned utility anticipate a surge in consumption by the
turn of the century and an average 2.4% growth rate over the
life of the plan.