International:
   BP Intends to Sell
   7.5% Stake in Qatar's
   Natural Gas Project
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
BP stressed that there is nothing wrong with the economics
of the Qatar LNG project. "We just have more attractive
investment opportunities elsewhere," a company spokesman in
London said.
   Qatargas is about to embark on the construction of an LNG
plant at the northern town of Ras Laffan, which will produce
four million metric tons a year of liquefied gas for export
to Japan. BP decided to pull out rather than participate in
the Qatargas capital increase that will be needed soon to
fund the start of construction work.
   Some people close to the project also said several of the
foreign shareholders in Qatargas have grown increasingly
unhappy about the overall management of the project. They
felt Qatar General Petroleum had been making key decisions on
the development of its gas reserves without consulting the
minority shareholders.
   Industry observers said it is possible the withdrawal may
have a wider impact on U.K. relations with Qatar, though the
British government is expected to stress that the BP move is
purely a commercial decision. Britain is the second largest
exporter to Qatar after Japan, with a share of around 18% of
the emirate's annual imports of $1 billion.
   The other foreign partners are France's Total and two
Japanese companies, Mitsui  Co. and Marubeni Corp., each
holding 7.5% stakes. Qatar General Petroleum holds the
majority 70%.