Law:
   U.S. Court Postpones
   To Jan. 24 a Decision
   On BCCI Plea Deal
Several parties with claims against BCCI, including the
government of Panama, an insurance syndicate at Lloyd's of
London and a major Japanese bank, want to enter the
proceedings to oppose the proposed BCCI plea agreement with
the Justice Department, which was announced Dec. 19. A U.S.
bankruptcy judge in New York late Wednesday denied a request
by creditors and claimants to block the plea agreement.
   At the court hearing, Brian Smouha, the liquidator for
BCCI's assets appointed by a Luxembourg court, told the court
he wanted to enter guilty pleas for the bank to several
serious financial crimes that the U.S. government says BCCI
and its agents committed. These include BCCI's alleged secret
acquisition and ownership of National Bank of Georgia,
Independence Bank of Encino in California, and First American
Bankshares Inc. of Washington D.C. They also include
securities offenses involving an issue of debentures by
CenTrust Savings Bank, a failed Florida savings and loan
institution, and the evasion of U.S. taxes.
   Under the proposed settlement, the liquidators for BCCI
Holdings (Luxembourg) S.A. and its subsidiaries agree to
forfeit all their U.S. assets, which would be split in two.
Half would remain in the U.S. to help shore up financial
institutions hurt by BCCI's alleged illegal ownership, while
the other would be put into an international fund to
compensate the world-wide victims of BCCI's massive fraud.