Senate Takes Up
   Tax Debate as Bush
   Maps Next Strategy
   ----
   By Michel McQeen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Meanwhile, top White House officials yesterday began
internal discussions on ways to maximize the political
advantage from the confrontation. It is likely that President
Bush will send Congress a revised package that combines tax
cuts aimed at business -- his so-called short-term measures
-- with tax cuts aimed at families, along with other
proposals the administration views as long-term remedies. A
revised proposal would be intended to blunt criticism that
Mr. Bush abandoned his commitment to an annual $500 personal
exemption for children shortly after he proposed it.
   At the urging of conservatives, Mr. Bush also is mulling
several risky moves in an effort to assert executive
authority over the budget, such as attempting a line item
veto without congressional authorization or proposing that
lawmakers rescind already approved appropriations for
programs Mr. Bush considers wasteful.
   In a series of campaign addresses last week, Mr. Bush
vowed repeatedly to veto the Democratic version of the tax
plan he originally proposed. GOP lawmakers who met with Mr.
Bush yesterday suggested they might even boycott a conference
to reconcile the House and Senate versions to highlight their
distaste for the bill. Senate Republicans also said they will
offer amendments to include the $500 personal exemption for
children, to be paid for out of defense spending, that Mr.
Bush proposed but didn't include in his initial tax package.
   "The Democrats want to spend this money," said Republican
Sen. Phil Gramm of Texas. "I don't want them to spend it. I
want to either use it for deficit reduction or let families
have it."
   Yesterday, Mr. Bush met with about 15 southern Democrats
to urge them to uphold provisions in the current budget law
that bar cuts in defense spending from being used to increase
domestic spending.