What's News --
   Business and Finance
R.H. Macy placed Vice Chairman Myron Ullman in line to
succeed Edward Finkelstein, the ailing retailer's chairman
and chief executive. The decision comes amid signs that some
investors are questioning whether Finkelstein should step
down.
   ---
   Westinghouse reached an accord to settle a lawsuit by the
Philippine government accusing the company of bribing Marcos
in the 1970s to win a contract to build a nuclear plant.
Westinghouse will renovate and run the facility for a reduced
charge.
   ---
   Stocks slid while the dollar strengthened and bond prices
edged up. The Dow Jones industrials declined 21.69 points to
3268.56.
   ---
   Sales of U.S.-made cars fell in late February to their
lowest level in more than a month despite hopes for a rebound
in the auto industry. Sales of domestic cars and trucks were
down 11.5% from a year earlier.
   ---
   American Airlines moved to slash spring and summer fares
aimed at vacationers on flights to 13 European cities by as
much as one-third. Other carriers are likely to follow suit.
   ---
   A narrow tax-cut bill is likely to be enacted after Bush
issues his threatened veto of the pending Democratic tax
package, legislators say.
   ---
   The U.S. thrift industry will post a "significant profit"
for 1991, its first profitable year since 1986, according to
a top savings-and-loan regulator.
   ---
   ATT adopted an additional stock option program for top
executives that links how much they will receive to the
company's future share price.
   ---
   Du Pont may face a Florida probe into possible adverse
health effects of its Benlate fungicide. Du Pont says the
chemical hasn't hurt humans.
   ---
   Bristol-Myers plans to seek approval to sell taxol, a drug
for ovarian cancer. The company said within five years it
won't need to use the rare Pacific yew tree to make the drug.
   ---
   The U.S. set aside 35% of the $1 billion-a-year pollock
and cod catch in the North Pacific for operators of onshore
fish processing plants, in a blow to owners of factory
trawlers.
   ---
   First Chicago's former chairman, Barry Sullivan, is
getting $780,000 a year in consulting fees from the bank,
more than he earned as chairman.
   ---
   Home mortgage delinquencies fell sharply in the fourth
quarter as lower interest rates made it easier for borrowers
to make their payments. The drop also reflected an improved
job market in the preceding months.
   ---
   Factory orders rose 0.4% in January after sinking 3.7% in
December. Durable-goods orders climbed 2.2%. Excluding the
defense sector, orders for durable goods increased 4.1%.
   ---
   Reuters stock sank $4 to $61 in U.S. trading in the wake
of problems in the testing of the company's Globex 24-hour
futures-trading system.
   ---
   Sun Co. and Ontario's government sold only 18% of their
Suncor oil and gas concern for about $160 million amid weak
demand from investors. The owners had hoped to sell a 45%
stake for roughly $500 million.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 206,770,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3268.56, off 21.69; transportation 1455.72, off 1.68;
utilities 203.62, off 0.81.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4192.57, up 3.67.
   Commodities: Oil $18.63 a barrel, off one cent. Dow Jones
futures index 122.80, off 0.04; spot index 117.86, off 0.38.
   Dollar: 131.68 yen, up 0.61; 1.6680 marks, up 0.0110.