Houston Developer
   Is Planning Projects
   In the New Berlin
   ----
   By Frederick Kempe
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Outmaneuvering competitors on the first, he teamed up with
one of Berlin's best-connected lawyers, Karl-Heinz Knauthe,
to arrange an investor pool too attractive for city officials
to refuse. It includes prominent prewar owners of a central
Berlin block on Franzoesische Strasse, including pen-maker
Faber Castell, winemaker Henkell und Soehnlein,
pharmaceutical giant Schering AG and Bayerische Hypothekenund
Wechsel Bank.
   Forming the pool was critical in a city where ownership
disputes can tie up property for years. Mr. Knauthe further
strengthened Mr. Hines's position by persuading the city to
give priority to the relatively uncontentious proposals made
by former land owners.
   Even so, Mr. Hines's project ran into legal and political
obstacles. Local newspapers ridiculed an architectural plan
under which all or part of two old buildings, one of them
under landmark protection, would be torn down. A Berlin
housing authority had rented out much of the space under long
leases at rents not even half of what Mr. Hines is likely to
seek.
   "Land assemblages are difficult anywhere in the world, and
there's always something that needs to be worked out," Mr.
Hines says with a shrug. "They have every reason to be
sensitive in Berlin. They are making history."