Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Drop as Interest Rates Rise
   On Hints of Strength in Economy
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 30.18 points, giving
back all of Wednesday's gains and more, to close at 3246.65.
Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index fell 3.44 to 413.69 and the
New York Stock Exchange Composite Index eased 1.81 to 228.73.
   Declining stocks led advancing stocks, 1,113 to 609.
   New York Stock Exchange volume totaled 229,360,000 shares,
just below Wednesday's 230,230,000.
   Yesterday morning's report from the Commerce Department
that retail sales were stronger than expected in January
helped sour investors. Sales rose 0.6% in the month, better
than the 0.4% rise expected by many economists.
   A sharp drop in initial claims for state unemployment
insurance during the week of Feb. 1 also presaged a stronger
economy.
   Bonds held with moderate losses until after the completion
of the last leg of the Treasury Department's afternoon bond
auction. Although the auction went relatively well, buyers in
the secondary market backed away from the fresh supply of
bonds as hopes of lower rates dwindled.
   "The {stock} market declined today because it lost its
driving force, which was lower interest rates," said Don R.
Hays, director of investment strategy at Wheat First Butcher
 Singer.
   Mr. Hays said the economic news over the next three months
will be better than anyone now expects.
   "Interest rates have been artificially low because of the
recession fears, but now they will return to more normal
levels," he said.
   The most immediate impact of rate fears was the sudden
deflation of some highflying health care stocks.
   "You're seeing some P-E compression in some of these
health care stocks," said John Parasco, senior vice president
of equity trading at Lehman Brothers. Higher interest rates
argue for lower price-earnings ratios, some analysts say.
   Healthtrust fell 1 3/4 to 20 3/4. The hospital operator
went public in mid-December at $14 a share. Among the drug
stocks, Medtronic dropped 2 3/8 to 83 after twice being
halted because of an imbalance of sell orders.
   Pfizer lost 2 5/8 to 72 5/8. The company told analysts
that its earnings in the first half of the year may be
constrained to single-digit growth because of the cost of
marketing new drugs.
   Auto stocks were already responding to expectations of
better days to come. Early February car sales were better
than expected, according to reports from General Motors and
Ford and estimates of Chrysler's sales. GM rose 3/4 to 36 5/8
and Ford added 5/8 to 35 1/4. Ford said it foresees
substantial improvement in 1992 operating results. Chrysler
edged up 1/8 to 15 1/8.
   Technology stocks were mixed. International Business
Machines started the day out strong on news that it will
enter the market for huge parallel supercomuters. The stock
fell later in the day, however, after PaineWebber made
cautious comments on the company to its sales force.
PaineWebber warned that weakness in the company's balance
sheet could lead rating agencies to downgrade their ratings
of IBM's corporate debt.
   Digital Equipment added 2 1/8 to 61 1/4. Analysts are
bullish about a new computer chip to be released by Digital
next week.
   British Petroleum's American depositary receipts fell 3
1/8 to 59 3/8 after it reported that its fourth-quarter
profit fell 86%, primarily because of the drop in oil prices
following the end of the Persian Gulf War. The quarter's
profit was in line with expectations, but investors in the
U.K. were disappointed by the company's failure to raise its
quarterly dividend.
   Chevron fell 2 1/8 to 63 3/8. The oil company has denied
reports that its Canadian unit may withdraw from the
multibillion-dollar Hibernia offshore oil project.
   Duty Free International plummeted 6 3/4 to 44 3/4. On
Wednesday, the Canadian government announced customs changes
that will increase the prices of some goods purchased by
Canadians from the U.S.
   British Gas PLC fell 1 1/4 to 42 1/8. Its Consumers Gas
unit is said to be planning to issue as many as 10 million
common share.
   Timberland added 1 3/8 to 14 1/4. It earned 31 cents a
share in the fourth quarter, up from 13 cents a share a year
earlier.
   McDermott International rose 1 to 21 1/2. The company
reported fiscal third-quarter profit from continuing
operations of $1.59 a share, compared with a loss from
continuing operations of 29 cents a share.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 3.72
to 415.27.