World Markets:
   Stocks Lose Ground in Tokyo, Climb in London
   Despite Disappointment About Britain's Budget
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Wednesday, the Nikkei index fell 155.92 points to close
the morning session at 20698.67.
   Tuesday's first-section volume was estimated at a thin 200
million shares, little changed from 203.6 million shares on
Monday. Losers overwhelmed gainers, 618-287, and 203 stocks
finished unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which fell 18.02 points Monday, eased
7.64 to 1494.79, the first close below 1500 since Nov. 28,
1986. And the list of 224 shares that dropped to new lows for
the year crossed the spectrum of Japanese business.
   The Nikkei kept to a narrow range between 20627.02 and
20854.59 during the session, as buying interest was quashed
before Friday's special quotation for March Nikkei futures
contracts, as well as by increasingly pessimistic prospects
for Japanese corporate earnings. The Nikkei hovered around
20700 for most of the day until a late jump in bond and
stock-futures prices helped stock prices stage a last-minute
rally. Biotechnology-related issues again attracted
speculative buying interest, dominated by dealers.
Cross-trading was active, with volume on the Osaka and Nagoya
exchanges exceeding the volume in Tokyo. Selling by
investment trusts and specified money trusts continued to
weigh on the Tokyo bourse.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index rose 24.1 points to 2574.8, also the intraday high. The
FT 30-stock index advanced 22.2 points, or 1.1%, to 2006.6.
Volume was 431.7 million shares, compared with 383.6 million
shares a day earlier.
   With British Prime Minister John Major expected to call a
general election for April 9, equity dealers had hoped the
fortunes of the pro-business Conservative Party would be
improved by Chancellor of the Exchequer Norman Lamont's
budget speech to Parliament. But investors weren't impressed,
as consensus emerged that the budget didn't contain any
generosity to win popular votes and had just enough fiscal
sobriety to help the pound. A stronger currency would allow
the government to win more votes by cutting base interest
rates from the current 10.5%. In response to the budget
statement, sterling came under pressure and analysts said an
interest-rate cut had become more unlikely. The FT-SE 100 had
already added 20 points by the time Mr. Lamont began his
speech, and the index moved little before its close, when the
official was still delivering his speech. Thus, a more
accurate market reaction to the budget is expected today.
   In Frankfurt, share prices ended mixed, as the market
continued to consolidate its gains of last week. The DAX
30-stock index edged up 0.29 point to 1750.54, amid modest
turnover and slack buying interest. Shares opened a bit
higher but sank into a narrow trading range around the
day-earlier close.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Stockholm shares' fractional climb
increased to nine the market's consecutive advances.
   Reversing recent declines, equities on most big Asian and
Pacific markets posted gains. In Hong Kong, bargain-hunting
after a steep two-day sell-off pushed shares up sharply.
Wellington stocks' rebound came after five losing sessions.
   Among corporate developments, in Frankfurt, chemical
issues generally ended higher after two German giants in the
sector, BASF and Hoechst, reported declines in earnings and
reduced their dividends. Both factors had been discounted
earlier and were in line with expectations, confirming
persistent sluggishness in the chemical industry.
   BASF rose 90 pfennigs to 248.50 marks ($149.45). Group
profit for 1991 fell 6.1% to 1.04 billion marks ($625.5
million) from a year earlier. BASF cut its annual dividend
7.7% to 12 marks a share, the first time since 1982 that the
company has reduced its payout. Analysts had expected an even
bigger dividend cut. BASF's annual pretax profit fell 23% to
2.11 billion marks.
   Hoechst added 50 pfennigs to 256.20 marks. Group profit
for 1991 dropped 20% to 1.36 billion marks, and the dividend
was reduced 7.7% to 12 marks a share. Hoechst said its
performance last year was undermined by weak markets,
especially in the bulk plastics, fine chemicals, colorings
and film sectors.
   Degussa declined 3.1 marks to 340.50 marks. The chemical,
metal and pharmaceutical company's group pretax profit for
the first quarter ended Dec. 31 rose 5% to 43 million marks,
despite a 7% drop in sales to 2.99 billion marks because of
chemical-sector softness. Degussa said it sees a good chance
that demand for precious metals will rise during 1992, and
that current soft prices will firm.
   In Paris, Au Printemps sank 45 French francs, or 5.1%, to
835 francs ($147.87), as a Paris appeals court upheld
Francois Pinault's bid to acquire two-thirds of the retailer.
This was a disappointment for minority shareholders, who had
hoped for an expansion of the Pinault offer to 100%.
   In Milan, Assicurazione Generali rose 95 lire to 29,650
lire ($23.79). The insurer, Italy's largest, said 1991
parent-company premium income rose 15% to about 7.2 trillion
lire ($5.78 billion). Generali said a preliminary review
shows a profit increase from the year-earlier 351 billion
lire, partly because of special gains.
   In Hong Kong, HSBC Holdings jumped 1.25 Hong Kong dollars,
or 3%, to HK$42.50 (US$5.48). The London-incorporated holding
company for Hongkong  Shanghai Banking reported that 1991
profit for the parent, after taxes and transfers to reserves,
surged 83% to HK$5.66 billion (US$730.1 million), landing in
the upper range of previous estimates and marking a
turnaround from heavy year-earlier losses in the U.S.,
Australia and Europe. HSBC announced a final dividend of
HK$1.31 a share, lifting the full-year payout to HK$1.85, up
nearly 20%.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % This
                                    Mar 9    Mar 6    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ..........................   379.5    378.8   -  2.7
 Britain .......................   760.7    755.1   +  3.2
 Canada ........................   397.5    398.8   +  0.4
 Japan .........................   863.2    874.3   - 12.8
 France ........................   558.6    555.9   + 11.6
 Germany .......................   270.3    270.7   + 11.1
 Hong Kong .....................  3559.0   3604.2   + 15.0

 Australia .....................   341.0    342.5   -  2.9
 World index ...................   499.5    500.4   -  6.7