OTC Focus:
   Index Inches Up, but Some Issues Sink
   Following Disappointing Profit Reports
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Among other issues bid lower on earnings, software concern
Caere lost 2 1/4 to 16 1/4, microcomputer systems maker
Advanced Logic Research fell 1 1/4 to 8 3/4, and shipping
company Stolt Tankers sank 1 1/4 to 21 1/2.
   Overall, it was a mixed day for Nasdaq stocks, traders
said. Profit-taking continued to hit recently high-flying
areas -- such as biotechnology issues -- but buying lifted
certain other stocks, including some in health care.
   In the medical technology group, Immunex fell 4 1/4 to 51
1/2, Biogen dropped 1 to 29 1/4 and Centocor eased 1 1/2 to
49 3/4. Several health maintenance organization issues
advanced. U.S. Healthcare jumped 2 to 53 1/2, PacifiCare
Health rose 1 to 43 and HMO America gained 3/4 to 22 3/8.
   The Nasdaq Composite Index edged up 0.29, or 0.05%, to
621.29. Advancing issues outpaced decliners, 1,181 to 1,089.
National Market System volume reached 187,370,000 shares, up
from 158,000,000 Monday.
   On the Big Board, meanwhile, the New York Stock Exchange
Composite Index gained a fraction, but the Dow Jones
Industrial Average soared 31.53, or 0.97%, on sharp gains in
two issues, Disney and Procter  Gamble.
   While positive earnings news pushed Disney and PG higher,
Richard Pucci, a vice president at Lynch, Jones  Ryan's
Institutional Brokers Estimate System unit, said
fourth-quarter earnings reported to date by
large-capitalization companies in aggregate have been about
9% below analysts' expectations.
   In contrast, earnings at smaller companies -- which the
Lynch Jones service defines as those with market
capitalizations of less than $500 million -- have been about
4% below expectations, Mr. Pucci said. Midsized concerns --
those with a market value of $500 million to $1 billion --
have had the best fourth quarter numbers, about 14% above
estimates.
   Mr. Pucci said about 40% of small companies have reported
fourth-quarter earnings over the past several weeks. "You
still have the majority ahead of you, and most will come out
in the next two weeks," he said.
   Elsewhere, Fleet Call slipped 1/4 from its initial public
offering price to close at 14 3/4 on its first day of
trading. Proceeds from the paging and dispatch concern's 7.5
million-share IPO will be used to help finance system
enhancements that will allow the company to sell mobile
telephone services that compete against those offered by
cellular phone companies.
   The North Rutherford, N.J., Fleet Call originally had
hoped to offer 11 million shares, priced at $18 to $20 a
share. The company pulled those plans in December, citing
adverse market conditions. Analysts, however, have suggested
underwriters simply weren't able to sell the IPO as it was
originally structured.
   Many consider Fleet Call to be a risky investment. The
company has never recorded a profit and doesn't expect to
post one in the foreseeable future. Its enhanced
communication services won't be available in their first
market, Los Angeles, until August 1993.
   PCI Services, another new issue, closed at 11 on volume of
1.5 million shares. An initial 2,875,000 shares of its common
were offered at $10 a share. The Philadelphia company
provides pharmaceutical package services.
   Caere slumped after the Los Gatos, Calif., company's
report that its fourth-quarter net reached 24 cents a share,
up from last year's 20 cents a share, but well below the mean
analyst estimate of 31 cents a share, as compiled by First
Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks.
   Advanced Logic dropped following its news that earnings
for the first quarter, ended Dec. 31, slumped to four cents a
share from 31 cents a share a year earlier. The Irvine,
Calif., company in part blamed a low price environment that
affected certain major product areas.
   Stolt Tankers fell after the company said it had
fourth-quarter net of 23 cents a share, compared with
earnings of $1.05 a share a year ago. Latest quarter net
income includes a gain of one cent a share, while the
year-ago figure is after a gain of 44 cents a share. Revenue
for the quarter totaled $178 million, up slightly from last
year's $177 million.
   After the market closed, Sun Microsystems reported
better-than-expected earnings for its second quarter, ended
last month. The computer workstation concern earned 47 cents
a share in the period, up from 39 cents a share last year,
and above the mean First Call estimate of 43 cents a share.
The stock closed at 33 7/8, up 3/8, in regular Nasdaq
trading. It was quoted at 34 1/2 in after-hours Instinet
dealings.
   VeriFone gained 5/8 to 23 1/2. The company recorded
fourth-quarter net income of 25 cents a share, compared with
year-ago earnings of 16 cents a share. Analysts surveyed by
First Call had expected the company to earn about 23 cents in
the latest quarter.
   Surgical Laser Technologies slipped 1/2 to 7 1/8. It
recorded a fourth-quarter loss of 13 cents a share, compared
with year-ago earnings of 19 cents a share. Sales eased to $7
million in the period, from $11.3 million a year ago.
   Datron Systems lost 1 1/2 to 11. It recorded net income of
33 cents a share for the third quarter, ended last month,
down from net last year of 47 cents a share. The radar and
satellite communications company said a general slowdown in
defense spending depressed its earnings.
   Candela Laser jumped 3 to 13 1/2. The Food and Drug
Administration approved commercial sale of the company's
retinal camera, which is to be used in diagnosing and
treating macular degeneration, an eye disorder.
   TSI Corp. slipped 1/4 to 12 7/8. An offering of 2.3
million shares of its common was made at $12.50 a share.
Certain shareholders sold 300,000 of the shares.