Marketing  Media:
   Hasbro Unit to Rename
   Controversial Line of Toys
"While the figures in the line are based upon zany fantasy
characters that would appeal to today's kids, it appears that
some consumers are concerned with the choice of some names
selected for the Savage Mondo Blitzers," said Kenner, a
subsidiary of Hasbro Inc.
   Indeed, publicity about the Mondo Blitzers apparently
brought out a blitz of complaints. "They've been inundated
with phone calls" criticizing the characters, asserted
Stephen Zinser, principal of Lloyd-Mann Elementary School.
Officials at the school in Loveland, Ohio, a suburb of
Cincinnati, where Kenner is based, have been vocal in their
criticism of the toy line.
   Mr. Zinser said changing the names of some of the
characters isn't enough. "No matter what you call the
product, it's still giving off a message that's inappropriate
for children," he said. "Ideally, we'd like to see the
complete removal of the product. . . "
   Kenner said in a statement: "During the test market,
Kenner received virtually no consumer inquiries regarding the
line, and sales exceeded expectations." The company, which
last week said it had received only a "handful" of
complaints, wouldn't discuss the number of complaints it has
received since then.