International --
   France's Financial Clique:
   An Elite Old Boy Network
A long list of French business figures was whittled down
to just 27 most admired by the executives themselves. It is
headed by the chairmen of two insurance companies, Jean
Peyrelevade of Union des Assurances de Paris and Claude
Bebear of Groupe AXA S.A. Michel David-Weill and Antoine
Bernheim, two partners at Lazard Freres, the investment bank
at the center of the Agnellis' woes, ranked third and fourth.
   Bankers and insurers account for most of the top spots. A
rare industrialist is Jacques Calvet of auto maker PSA
Peugeot Citroen, says the study, by journalist Leslie
Mitchell de Quillacq.
   Particularly striking is the similar career paths taken by
the establishment figures, all of whom are men. After
university, most excelled at France's elite Grandes Ecoles
graduate schools and then started their careers in the French
civil service. The final step to influence was a political
one: Seventeen of the 27 went on to work for a minister,
often the finance minister, prime minister, or even the
French president, before taking a job in business.
   (See related article: "French Lessons: The Agnellis of
Italy Learn How Not to Do A Takeover in Paris --- A Nasty
Fight Over Perrier Results From Friendly Bid For Its Parent
Company --- The Swiss Knight Strategy" -- WSJ March 4, 1992)