New Securities Issues
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. -- A three-part, $1.5 billion
issue of debt securities priced through underwriters at
Salomon Brothers Inc. The size of the issue was increased
from an originally planned $1 billion. The first part,
consisting of $500 million of notes, due Feb. 1, 2002, was
priced at par to yield 7.875%. The noncallable notes were
priced at a spread of 68 basis points above the Treasury's
10-year note. The second part, consisting of $250 million of
notes, due Feb. 1, 2012, was priced at par to yield 8.5%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 78 basis points
above the Treasury's 30-year bond. The third part, consisting
of $750 million of debentures, due Feb. 1, 2022, was priced
as 8 1/2% at 98.83 to yield 8.61%. The noncallable debentures
were priced at a spread of 89 basis points above the
Treasury's 30-year bond. The securities are rated single-A-3
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-A-minus by
Standard  Poor's Corp.
   BankAmerica Corp. -- $150 million of medium-term notes,
due Feb. 3, 1997, priced as 7 1/4% at par to yield 7.253%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 93 basis
points above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated single-A-2
by Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters at First Boston Corp.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Washington State -- $645.4 million of general obligation
and general obligation refunding bonds priced by a Lehman
Brothers group. The issue consists of the following three
parts: $255.5 million of Series 1992A and AT-6 various
purpose general obligation bonds; $288.9 million of Series
R-92C various purpose general obligation refunding bonds; and
$100.9 million of Series R-92D motor vehicle fuel tax general
obligation refunding bonds. Yields range from 2.70% in 1992
to 6.50% in 2014. The issue has been rated double-A by
Moody's and SP.
   Mercer County, N.J., Improvement Authority -- $187.8
million of solid waste revenue bonds priced by a Smith
Barney, Harris Upham  Co. group. The issue consists of the
following two parts: $149.8 million of insured 1992 Series A
revenue refunding bonds and $38 million of 1992 Series B
revenue refunding bonds. All of the bond are subject to the
federal alternative-minimum tax. Yields for the issue range
from 6.30% on Series A bonds due in 2005 to 7.50% on Series B
zero-coupon bonds due in 2014-16. The Series A bonds are
insured by the Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. and carry
triple-A ratings from Moody's and SP. The Series B bonds
have been rated Baa-1 by Moody's.
   Memphis, Tenn. -- $145.9 million of refunding bonds priced
by a Merrill Lynch  Co. group. The issue consists of the
following two parts: $121.9 million of Series 1992 electric
system revenue refunding bonds, and $24 million of Series
1992 water division revenue refunding bonds. Yields on the
issue range from 3.45% in 1993 to 6.20% in 2006. Moody's and
SP have given the issue a double-A rating.
   Port Authority of New York  New Jersey -- $100 million of
consolidated revenue bonds won by a Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette Securities Corp. group, with a true interest cost of
6.629%. The issue was priced to yield from 6.30% in 2007 to
6.60% in 2027. The issue has been rated single-A-1 by Moody's
and double-A-minus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
PaineWebber Inc. The offering, Series 1992-36, is backed by
Fannie Mae 8% mortgage securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million of
Remic securities offered by Lehman Brothers. The offering,
Series 1992-33, is backed by Fannie Mae 8 1/2% mortgage
securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co. The
offering, Series 1992-35, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage
securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of Remic
securities offered by Morgan Stanley  Co. The offering,
Series Gold 1221, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8%
mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $151 million of Remic
securities offered by Kidder Peabody. The offering, Series
Gold 1220, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 10% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                       ASSET-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Ford Credit Auto Receivables Corp. -- $1 billion offering
backed by revolving dealer floor-plan loans, priced by
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch as 6 7/8% at 99 18/64 to
yield 7.05%. The yield is 80 basis points above the yield on
five-year Treasury notes. The securities are being sold
through a special purpose trust called Ford Credit Auto Loan
Master Trust 1992-1. Underwriters expect the deal will be
rated triple-A by Moody's and SP, based on the quality of
the underlying loans and the support of a subordinated class
of securities totaling 10% of the senior class. Ford Credit
is a unit of Ford Motor Co.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corp. -- $1.99 billion
of bonds dated and delivered Feb. 3, 1992, and priced at par.
The bonds consist of $960 million of three-month bonds priced
to yield 3.95%, $550 million of six-month bonds to yield
4.05%, $305 million of one-year bonds to yield 4.15% and $175
million of callable five-year bonds to yield 6.60%. The bonds
are due May 1, 1992, Aug. 3, 1992, Feb. 1, 1993, and Feb. 3,
1997, respectively. The offerings will be made through the
Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corp. and a nationwide
group of securities dealers and dealer banks.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   AdvaCare Inc. -- An initial public offering of 4.4 million
common shares priced at $14.50 a share through underwriters
led by Robertson Stephens  Co.
   Value Health Inc. -- An issue of 2.5 million common shares
priced at $31.25 a share through underwriters led by Alex.
Brown  Sons Inc.
   Noel Group Inc. -- An initial public offering of 10
million common shares priced at $11 a share through
underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc. The size of the
issue was increased from an originally planned 7.5 million
shares.
   Electrocom Automation Inc. -- An initial public offering
of 11.5 million common shares priced at $16 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
   National Re Holdings Corp. -- An initial public offering
of nine million common shares priced at $23 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Cellular Inc. -- An issue of 2.5 million common shares
priced at $13.75 a share through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers Inc.
   Zynaxis Inc. -- An initial public offering of 2.5 million
common shares priced at $9 a share through underwriters led
by Pennsylvania Merchant Group Ltd.
   Infinity Broadcasting Corp. -- An initial public offering
of 6.1 million class A common shares priced at $17.50 a share
through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc. The size of
the offering was increased from six million shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   European Investment Bank (agency) -- 500 million European
currency units of floating-rate notes due Feb. 18, 2002, at a
fixed initial offer price of 99.725 via UBS Phillips  Drew.
Coupon 5/8 point below the London interbank offered rate for
ECU. At reoffered level, margin is 0.58 point. The notes can
be called from Feb. 18, 1993, at par. Fees not disclosed.
   KfW International Finance Inc. (German parent) -- 250
million ECUs of 8 1/2% Eurobonds due Feb. 12, 1997, at an
issue price of 101.585 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd.
Reoffered at 99.96 to yield 8.51% annually. Guaranteed by
Kreditinstalt fuer Wiederaufbau of Germany. Fees 1 7/8.
   Banque National de Paris (France) -- 100 million
Australian dollars of 10 1/2% Eurobonds due March 18, 1999,
at an issue price of 101.70 via Hambros Bank Ltd. Fees 2.
   Optec Dai-Ichi Denko Co. (Japan) -- $100 million of 3 1/8%
Eurobonds due Feb. 21, 1996, with equity warrants attached at
an issue price of par via Yamaichi International PLC.
Guaranteed by Mitsubishi Bank Ltd. Each $10,000 bond comes
with two warrants to purchase the company's stock at a
premium of about 2 1/2% to the closing price of the stock on
the pricing date, Feb.4. The exercise period for the warrants
will run from March 5 to Feb. 14, 1996. Fees 2 1/4.
   Canon Inc. (Japan) -- 20 billion yen of 5.85% Eurobonds
due May 21, 1996, at an issue price of 101.50 via Daiwa
Europe Ltd. Reoffered at par. Fees 1 7/8. Separately, 20
billion yen of 5.80% Eurobonds due May 21, 1996, at an issue
price of 101.125 via Yamaichi Europe Ltd. Reoffered at par.
Fees 1 5/8.
   Telecomunicacoes de Sao Paulo S.A. (Telesp) (Brazil) --
$100 million of 10% (semiannual) Eurobonds due Feb. 18, 1995,
at issue price 95.44 via Banque Indosuez. Investors have the
option to sell the bonds back to the issuer after two years
at 95.57. Fees 5/8. t