Monday's Markets:
   Prices of Stocks
   End Day Mixed
   As Bonds Ease
   ----
   By Douglas R. Sease
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Analysts said investors are taking a wait-and-see attitude
toward Mr. Bush's State of the Union address tonight. Stock
market investors would like to see lots of investment
incentives. But they worry that an overly generous
stimulative package could spook the bond market, driving
interest rates up and ultimately hurting share prices.
   Of course, Mr. Bush's package of plans to revive the
economy is only part of the proposals that will be advanced
in coming weeks. The Democrat-controlled Congress will make
its own pitch for stimulative measures that will emphasize
tax cuts for the middle class to encourage a new wave of
consumer spending. Those proposals, already starting to
filter out of Washington, could alarm the bond market much
more than the Bush package.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices were mixed in active trading. Volume on the
New York Stock Exchange totaled 190.4 million shares.
Advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners,
890 to 831.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices eased. The Treasury's benchmark 30-year issue
lost about an eighth of a point, or less than $1.25 for each
$1,000 face amount. The yield on the issue rose to 7.72%.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar rose. In late New York trading the currency was
quoted at 1.6099 marks and 125.25 yen, compared with 1.5950
marks and 123.50 yen Friday.