Southern Co. Profit
   More Than Doubled
   During 4th Quarter
In November, Southern reached an agreement with Gulf
States Utilities Co. in Beaumont, Texas, over a disputed sale
of electricity to Gulf States. The first installment of that
settlement was recorded in the fourth quarter and resulted in
a gain of $114 million, or 36 cents a share.
   In the year-earlier quarter, Southern reported earnings of
$86.9 million, or 27 cents a share. Revenue in the most
recent quarter rose less than 1% to $1.88 billion from $1.87
billion.
   Southern noted that earnings in the 1991 fourth quarter
and the year were hurt by a charge of $33 million, or 10
cents a share, tied to early-retirement costs at its Georgia
Power unit. Nine hundred positions are being eliminated at
the subsidiary.
   But Southern said the dividend increase reflects the
company's progress in resolving "major business problems that
halted any real growth in our earnings since 1986."
   For all of 1991, Southern reported earnings, including the
gain from the settlement, of $876.4 million, or $2.78 a
share, a 45% increase from $603.9 million, or $1.91 a share,
a year earlier. The 1990 figure was reduced by an after-tax
charge of $218 million, or 69 cents a share, linked to the
company's investment in a power plant. Revenue in 1991 was
flat at $8.05 billion.
   In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Southern
closed at $32.625, up 50 cents.