New Securities Issues
Bass America Inc. -- $350 million of guaranteed notes, due
March 31, 2002, priced as 8 1/8% at 99.875 to yield 8.142%.
The noncallable notes were guaranteed by parent Bass PLC. The
issue was priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. The size of the issue was increased
from an originally planned $300 million. Rated single-A-1 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard
 Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Duke Power Co. -- $275 million, three-part issue of first
mortgage bonds priced through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch  Co. The first part, consisting of $100 million of
first mortgage bonds, due April 1, 1999, was priced as 7 1/2%
at 99.815 to yield 7.533%. The noncallable bonds were priced
at a spread of 48 basis points above the Treasury's
seven-year note. The second part, consisting of $75 million
of first mortgage bonds, due March 1, 2004, was priced as 8%
at 99.375 to yield 8.082%. The bonds, noncallable for five
years, were priced at a spread of 68 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. The third part, consisting of $100
million of first mortgage bonds, due March 1, 2022, was
priced as 8 5/8% at 99.625 to yield 8.66%. The bonds,
noncallable for five years, were priced at a spread of 75
basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. The issue is
rated double-A-2 by Moody's and double-A-minus by SP.
   Arizona Public Service Co. -- $225 million, two-part issue
of first mortgage bonds priced through underwriters led by
Salomon Brothers Inc. The first part, consisting of $100
million of first mortgage bonds, due March 15, 1998, was
priced as 7 5/8% at 99.625 to yield 7.703%. The noncallable
bonds were priced at a spread of 80 basis points above the
Treasury's five- to seven-year note blend. The second part,
consisting of $125 million of first mortgage bonds, due March
15, 2002, was priced as 8 1/8% at 99.375 to yield 8.217%. The
noncallable first mortgage bonds were priced at a spread of
83 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. The issue
is rated Baa-3 by Moody's and triple-B by SP.
   Viacom International -- $150 million of senior
subordinated debentures, due Aug. 15, 1999, priced at par to
yield 9.125%. The issue is noncallable for five years. Then
it is callable at 102.607 after six years, and callable at
101.304 after seven years. It is then callable at par until
maturity. Rated Ba-3 by Moody's and single-B-plus by SP, the
issue will be sold through underwriters led by J.P. Morgan
Securities Inc.
   First Brands Corp. -- $100 million of senior subordinated
notes, due April 1, 1999, priced at par to yield 9.125%. The
senior subordinated notes, noncallable for five years, were
priced at a spread of 206 basis points above the Treasury's
seven-year note. Rated Ba-3 by Moody's and double-B-minus by
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by First
Boston Corp.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York City --
$251.2 million of transit facilities revenue bonds, Series J,
due July 1, 1996-2007, 2010, 2018 and 2022, tentatively
priced by a Bear Stearns  Co. group to yield from 4.90% in
1996 to 6.65% in 2018. Current interest serial bonds are
priced to yield from 4.90% in 1996 to 6.50% in 2007. There
are $31.9 million term bonds priced as 6.38% at 97.62 to
yield 6.60% in 2010. There are $83.1 million term bonds
priced as 6.50% at 98.14 to yield 6.65% in 2018. There are
$70 million term bonds priced as 5.50% at 85.75 to yield
6.59% in 2022. The bonds are insured by Financial Guaranty
Insurance Co. and are rated triple-A by Moody's and SP.
   Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority -- $185 million
of notes, due March 2, 1993, tentatively priced by a
Prudential Securities Inc. group to yield from 3% to 3.50%.
Approximately $135 million of the notes carry a 3.50% coupon
and are priced to yield 3%. The notes are backed by a letter
of credit from Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. and carry the
highest short-term ratings of MIG-1 by Moody's and SP-1-plus
by SP. Approximately $50 million of the notes carry a 4%
coupon and are priced to yield 3.50%. The unenhanced notes
are rated MIG-2 by Moody's and SP-2 by SP.
   Columbus, Ohio -- $132.3 million of sewer revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1992, due June 1, 1993-2005 and 2008,
tentatively priced by an A.G. Edwards  Sons Inc. group to
yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.60% in 2008. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 6.45%
in 2005. There are approximately $40 million term bonds
priced as 6 1/4% at 96.53 to yield 6.60% in 2008. The bonds
are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $631 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Kidder Peabody  Co. The offering, Series Gold 1241, is
backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8 1/2% mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million of Remic
securities offered by First Boston Corp. The offering, Series
Gold 1239, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8% mortgage
securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million of Remic
securities offered by Prudential Securities Inc. The
offering, Series Gold 1240, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%
mortgage securities.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Coleman Co. -- An initial public offering of 4,250,000
common shares priced at $19.50 each through underwriters led
by First Boston Corp.
   Hospital Corp. of America -- An initial public offering of
34 million common shares priced at $21.50 a share through
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Specialty Chemical Resources Inc. -- An initial public
offering of 2.4 million common shares priced at $10 a share
through underwriters led by Furman Selz Inc. The size of the
offering was increased from an originally planned 2.2 million
shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Rabobank Nederland (Netherlands) -- 300 million Dutch
guilders of 8 1/4% bonds due April 1, 1997, priced at 100 1/2
to yield 8.12%, via Rabobank Nederland. Fixed-price reoffer
of 99.65 to yield 8.34%. Fees 1.
   Toyota Motor Credit Corp. (Japanese parent) -- 200 million
marks of 8 3/8% bonds due March 23, 1995, at 101.95 to yield
7.62% via Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 1 1/2.
   PT. Pabrik Kertas Tjiwi Kimia (Indonesia) -- 50 million
Swiss francs of privately placed 5% convertible notes due
June 30, 1997, and priced at par, via Credit Suisse. Put
option on Dec. 31, 1994, at 110 5/8 to yield 8.506%. Callable
on Dec. 31, 1992, 1993 and 1994, at 110 5/8 and on Dec. 31,
1995 and 1996, at 102. Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is
convertible from March 26, 1992, to June 16, 1997, at a 6%
premium over the average closing share price this week. Terms
will be fixed tomorrow. Fees 1 3/4.
   Bell Canada Inc. (Canada) -- 125 million Canadian dollars
of 8 7/8% Eurobonds due March 25, 1997, at issue price 101.95
via UBS Phillips  Drew. Reoffered to investors initially at
a fixed price of 100.375 to yield 8.75%, a margin of 0.51
points above the Canadian government's 8 1/4% securities due
March 1997. Fees 1 7/8.