FAA Awards Harris
   $1.66 Billion Contract
   For a Voice System
The FAA said it expects to spend $97 million of the
contract in fiscal 1992.
   AT&T Technologies Inc. of Greensboro, N.C., also bid for
the contract. Both firms had developed prototypes for the FAA
under 1986 development contracts. AT&T Technologies is a unit
of American Telephone & Telegraph Co.
   The new contract provides for the purchase of 25 systems
over four years, and an option to purchase two dozen more
systems. It also covers maintenance, training and
installation services over a 14-year period.
   The agency said that the system would significantly
improve communications and be more flexible, expandable and
reliable than the current equipment. Systems will be
installed at the agency's Aeronautical Center in Oklahoma
City, Okla.; at the New York terminal radar approach control
facility; and at the FAA's 22 Air Route Traffic Control
Centers, which control aircraft flying between cities.
   A Harris spokesman said the company has worked with the
FAA during the past five years developing the system. He said
the 15-year contract will have "a very positive impact" on
earnings in the company's electronics systems sector
beginning in fiscal 1993, which begins July 1.
   In fiscal 1991, the company reported revenue of $3 billion
and net income of $19.5 million, or 50 cents a share, after a
$72.9 million charge for a reduction in semiconductor
operations. The electronics sector accounted for revenue of
$940.4 million and net of $43.9 million.