Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices End Little Changed as Participants
   See Likelihood of Another Rate Easing by the Fed
   ----
   By Tom Herman and Robert Sherman
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Short-term interest rates hardly budged either.
Three-month Treasury bills as of late yesterday yielded
4.02%, compared with 4.03% the previous day.
   Investment managers say the Federal Reserve probably will
drive down short-term interest rates another notch in coming
weeks because the economy still appears listless. Some
traders think another Fed move could come shortly after the
government releases its February employment report next
Friday.
   Speculation is widespread that the employment report will
provide further evidence of the economy's weakness. That
speculation grew yesterday following a report that initial
claims for state unemployment insurance rose 7,000 in the
week ended Feb. 15. Claims rose to a seasonally adjusted
459,000 from 452,000 the previous week.
   "There's a building hope that the Fed may have to squeeze
out another easing," says Joseph R. Liro, an economist at
S.G. Warburg  Co.
   Also arguing in favor of lower rates is the lack of any
major new Treasury note or bond issues over the next few
weeks, several traders and investment managers said. "The
market has a good tone," said Denise Cumby, a managing
director at Salomon Brothers Inc. "We have seen more buying
in the last couple of days" of Treasury notes and bonds by
institutional investors. Among the reasons: "There are no
major new Treasury financings" scheduled in the near future,
and many bond buyers "also believe that a lot of bad news
already has been discounted in the market," she said.
   In addition, more analysts are concluding that Congress
won't cut taxes. Earlier this year, investors worried that
Congress would reduce taxes so much that the U.S. budget
deficit would soar, adding to inflation fears.
   Bond prices registered little or no reaction to the
Federal Reserve's weekly money-supply figures, released late
yesterday. "There were no surprises," said Donald Fine, chief
market analyst at Chase Manhattan Bank. "The numbers came in
as expected."
   The widely watched M2 measure of money supply grew $4.6
billion in the week ended February 17. That was in line with
earlier forecasts of a $4.8 billion increase. That left M2's
annual growth rate at 5.8%, near the upper end of the Fed's
2.5% to 6.5% growth target band.
   Bond traders have been paying more attention to the
money-supply figures lately because of fears that overly
rapid money growth might spark higher inflation. But many
analysts think those fears will be proven wrong. Some argue
that the money figures are distorted by technical factors,
and that the inflation outlook remains bright.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Note and bond prices were flat, and trading slowed after
Wednesday's brisk activity. The Treasury's 10-year notes were
quoted late yesterday at 101 4/32 to yield 7.32%, the same as
late Wednesday.
   Intermediate-term notes were either unchanged or within
2/32 of a point of where they were the previous day.

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

               57-Day Cash Management Bills
                                                                                                       

   Applications ........................  $48,434,000,000
   Accepted bids .......................  $14,080,000,000
   Accepted at low price ...............              92%
   Average price (Rate) ................   99.371 (3.97%)
   High price (Rate) ...................   99.371 (3.97%)
   Low price (Rate) ....................   99.371 (3.97%)
   Interest rate .......................            4.05%
   CUSIP number ........................        912794YL2
                                                                                                       

   The issue is dated March 4, 1992, and matures April 30,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Activity slowed to a crawl in the corporate bond market.
   Prices were little changed, and activity in the new-issue
market was much lighter than Wednesday, when about $1.1
billion of new debt was sold to investors.
   In the new-issue sector, Pacific Gas  Electric Co., an
electric and natural gas utility, sold $400 million of
10-year first and refunding mortgage bonds. The bonds were
priced to yield 7.904%. The noncallable bonds were priced at
a spread of 0.57 percentage point above the comparable
Treasury security.
   In the secondary market for investment-grade corporate
debt, prices of high-grade bonds barely budged after rallying
strongly Wednesday. High-risk, high-yield junk bonds finished
1/8 point higher as euphoria over one company's move to go
public heartened investors.
   AFG Industries Inc. said it filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission for an initial common stock offering to
raise an estimated $280 million in proceeds. The Fort Worth,
Texas, company makes and distributes flat glass.
   The company is the latest issuer of junk bonds to go
public. In its filing, AFG said net proceeds will be used to
reduce debt.
   In response to the news, AFG bonds rallied strongly. The
12% senior subordinated notes due in 1998 jumped 5 to 100.
   AFG's move to go public buoyed other securities in the
high-yield arena. American Standard Inc.'s 12.875% senior
subordinated debentures maturing in 2000 gained a point to
end at 108 1/4.
   Investors are speculating that other junk-bond issuers
such as American Standard will move to sell stock soon,
reducing their debt exposure in the process.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Brisk primary activity was again the highlight in
municipal bond dealings.
   Among the sizable issues brought to market was the $186.1
million of bonds for Rutgers University, the state university
of New Jersey. The bonds were priced by a Kidder, Peabody 
Co. group early in the session and repriced in the afternoon.
   The two-part issue consists of $94.9 million of 1992
Series A general obligation bonds and $91.2 million of Series
R revenue refunding bonds.
   After the repricing, yields ranged from 2.70% on Series R
bonds due in 1992 to 6.63% on Series A bonds due in 2018.
   The issue was rated single-A-1 by Moody's Investors
Service Inc. and double-A by Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Separately, SP affirmed its single-A-minus rating on New
York City's general obligation bonds. The rating concern said
it made its decision after reviewing the city's latest
four-year financial plan. About $17 billion of debt is
affected.
   In secondary action, issues were generally flat to 1/4
point higher in late trading. Washington state's general
obligation bonds, the 6.375% issues of 2014, were 1/8 higher
at 97 1/2 to yield 6.57%.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities ended nearly unchanged in
featureless trading.
   In the new-issue arena, a $500 million real estate
mortgage investment conduit deal and one modest Remic
offering increase were announced.
   In secondary action, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities for March delivery were unchanged
at 99 22/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8%
securities were flat at 99 9/32, and Federal National
Mortgage Association 8% securities were off 1/32 at 99 6/32.