Communications
   Satellite Seeks
   New Pricing Rules
   ----
   By Lourdes Lee Valeriano
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The company provides satellite linkups for long-distance
carriers such as American Telephone  Telegraph Co., MCI
Communications Corp. and US Sprint, a unit of United
Telecommunications Inc. Although these companies are
increasingly active in the fiber-optic business, they also
depend on satellites to reach places that aren't yet served
by fiber-optics and as a backup for any disruptions in
fiber-optic lines.
   Under traditional rate-base regulation, the company's
international phone service business is limited to a return
on investment of 12.48%. But because of exploding demand for
international communications and declining satellite
transmission costs, the company has had to consistently cut
rates to remain within the authorized rate of return, said
Charles Schelke, an analyst with Smith Barney, Harris Upham 
Co. New rates that took effect January reflected cuts of up
to 58%, totaling approximately $14 million.
   Betty C. Alewine, president of Comsat World Systems, which
oversees the international phone service business, said the
new form of regulation would make the company more
competitive with the fiber-optic transmission business by
allowing it to adjust rates quickly without having to go
through regulatory proceedings.
   International phone service accounts for about 30% of
Comsat's total revenue, which in 1990 was $456.8 million.
   While Comsat currently is the only company in the U.S.
that is allowed to connect its satellite service to the U.S.
phone network and carry international calls, it faces strong
competition from fiber-optic cables. In addition, private
satellite companies recently have been allowed to provide
services to private line networks and are likely to be
allowed to connect with public phone networks by 1997.