World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks' Retreat Continues, as Broad Index
   Marks 12th Drop in a Row; London Shares Skid
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Thursday, the Nikkei index rose 383.80 points to close
the morning session at 20148.11.
   Wednesday's first-section volume was estimated at 400
million shares, in line with 424.4 million shares Tuesday.
Losers overwhelmed gainers, 840-165, and 124 issues finished
unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which lost 10.99 points Tuesday, fell
for the 12th consecutive session, giving up 26.09, or 1.82%,
to 1407.78.
   The Nikkei jumped 250 points in the last 15 minutes of the
session on speculative, index-linked buying related to the
expiration of Nikkei index futures traded in Singapore. But
Tokyo's overall market sank as most investors remained
sidelined by uncertainty about how far stock prices will
eventually fall.
   Selling by tokkin money trusts continued to depress
blue-chip shares. Other sellers included investors such as
smaller life insurers and banks that had arranged their
portfolios on the assumption that the Nikkei would end the
fiscal year near 21500. Foreigners, who were strong net
buyers early this year amid selling throughout the market,
appeared to have lost their buying enthusiasm, and they were
among big sellers of bank and brokerage-house shares
Wednesday. Incentive-backed issues, which had been bought on
themes such as medical research and new biotechnology, marked
sharp losses. And stocks' recent declines have squeezed some
individual investors who chose to dump holdings Wednesday,
rather than pay to meet additional collateral requirements to
keep their margin positions.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index sank 26.5 points, or 1.1%, to 2464.7, just above the
day's low of 2464.1. The FT 30-stock index lost 15.0 points
to 1925.8. Volume was 453.5 million shares, little changed
from 450.1 million shares a day earlier.
   The market was unsettled by political opinion polls that
put the opposition Labor Party in the lead for Britain's
April 9 election. British newspaper polls reversed a
day-earlier survey that showed the ruling Conservatives
slightly ahead, and the reports shook market confidence in
prospects for a Tory victory. Investors feared that a range
of stocks, particularly privatized utilities, would be
clobbered by a tighter regulatory regime under a Labor
government. Reflecting this, stocks of water,
power-generating and electricity companies plummeted.
Meanwhile, the FT-SE 100 stock-index futures contract
dropped, and this leading indicator for the stock market
dragged prices there lower. Investors in London basically
ignored economic data, which included a bright spot on
British retail sales for February.
   In Frankfurt, stocks ended a bit firmer after a midsession
reversal that cut early gains. The DAX 30-stock index edged
up 2.11 points to 1732.18, down from the intraday high of
1737.77. Auto shares' early strength lent support to the
broader market, but buyers disappeared as the DAX rose,
wanting to avoid big moves ahead of Friday's triple
expirations of German options and futures contracts.
   In Paris, stocks reversed early gains to end lower,
following a weaker French bond market. Milan shares rose
broadly, as a change in perceptions of takeover situations
altered investor sentiment and triggered a round of
short-covering. Stockholm stock prices rallied on favorable
indicators from the U.S., with the promise of an economic
turnaround for Sweden's most important export market,
combined with positive impulses from Wall Street and
expectations of lower Swedish interest rates, as well as high
liquidity levels among major Swedish institutional investors.
   In Sydney, shares declined for the fifth consecutive
session, partly because of some Japanese selling related to
that country's nearing fiscal year end. In Hong Kong, after a
sharp initial drop, bargain-hunters pulled the market
steadily back up and shares ended with moderate declines.
   Among corporate developments, in London, B.A.T Industries
rose 5 pence to 660 pence ($11.44). In line with market
expectations, 1991 pretax profit rose 11% to #1.05 billion
($1.82 billion) from a year earlier, on higher earnings from
B.A.T's tobacco companies and two of its three main insurance
companies, though the results were held down by a #301
million loss at the Eagle Star general insurer. The 1990
results were restated lower to reflect changes in accounting
rules for the disposal of units. B.A.T used its strong cash
flow from tobacco to raise its dividend, as expected, to 33.6
pence a share, up 8%.
   In Stockholm, Asea jumped 15 kronor, or 4.6%, to 339
kronor ($56.75). The Swedish holding company, which owns 50%
of the Swiss-Swedish engineering giant ABB Asea Brown Boveri,
said 1991 pretax profit, after financial items, rose 7.8% to
3.34 billion kronor ($559.3 million). It proposed a dividend
of 7 kronor a share, down 46% though the payouts aren't
comparable because the year-earlier 13 kronor included both
Asea and Incentive, into which Asea spun off its operations
in restructuring to be a holding company for the ABB stake.
                                                                                                       

  Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % This
                             Mar 17      Mar 16      Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ....................     383.8      380.8     - 1.6
 Britain .................     742.0      736.9     + 0.7
 Canada ..................     387.1      388.0     - 2.2
 Japan ...................     822.4      826.8     -16.9
 France ..................     549.8      546.3     + 9.9
 Germany .................     266.9      266.3     + 9.7
 Hong Kong ...............    3704.5     3719.2     +19.7
 Switzerland .............     223.0      220.9     + 8.8
 Australia ...............     337.0      338.5     - 4.1
 World index .............     493.4      490.2     - 7.8