Weicker Projects Gap
   Totaling $1.2 Billion
   In Connecticut Funds
To close the gap, he proposed $1.1 billion in budget cuts.
The proposals include eliminating cost-of-living increases in
almost every program, including welfare; reforming welfare
assistance, for at least $113 million in savings from placing
more emphasis on work and on trying to break the "cycle of
dependence"; cutting nursing-home spending by $100 million;
cutting aid to towns by $176 million, including educational
aid; reducing employee-benefit costs by requiring state
employees and future retirees to make a 20% copayment on
their health benefits; and eliminating cost-of-living
increases on state pensions for all future retirees.
   He also proposed eliminating the state's 10% corporate tax
surcharge, which was cut from 20% in the previous budget. He
estimated the proposal would save at least $32 million for
business in the new fiscal year and would lead to "direct
investment in jobs."
   Gov. Weicker also proposed a number of measures to boost
the state's economy, including an additional $35 million for
loans and financial assistance to the state's manufacturers
and an additional $50 million in loan guarantees for the
Connecticut Works Jobs Fund, which would enable the state to
leverage $250 million in banking activity to help businesses.