Economy:
   Production Fell
   For December,
   3rd Time in Row
   ---
   Drop of 0.2% Raises Doubt
   About State of Recovery
   In National Economy
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"This is not a free fall," said Stuart Hoffman, senior
economist for PNC Financial Corp. in Pittsburgh, referring to
a term President Bush used last week in New Hampshire to
describe the economy. "But industrial production was a source
of strength for the economy last spring, and now it is a
source of weakness."
   Most of the decline in industrial production last month
stemmed from a 3% drop in output of utilities; unusually warm
weather reduced demand for electricity. Factories posted an
0.1% gain in output after declining 0.3% the month before.
The auto industry, struggling to cope with excess
inventories, cut output of cars and trucks 2.3%.
   Mr. Hoffman predicted that autos will continue to be a
source of problems in the first quarter and will drag
industrial production figures down.
   In separate speeches Friday, three Federal Reserve
officials expressed confidence that the economy soon will
rebound, in part because of the Fed's recent moves to cut
interest rates. But they predicted the recovery will be
modest.
   Richard Syron, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of
Boston, told an audience in Wellesley, Mass., that he expects
to see "more tangible signs of recovery" by early spring. Fed
Gov. John LaWare made a similar forecast, saying in
Colchester, Vt., "By the second quarter I think we'll see
something that looks like honest growth."
   And speaking to the Executives Club in Chicago, Fed Gov.
Wayne Angell said he doesn't expect "a normal recovery"
because the recent growth of the money supply hasn't been
strong enough for that. He added that he expects inflation
this year to be lower than last year, when consumer prices
rose 3.1%.
   Mr. Syron, an economist, and Mr. LaWare, a former banker
who was appointed to the Fed board in 1987, differed on the
efficacy of lower interest rates.
   Mr. LaWare, who recently has been reluctant to cut rates,
said, "I think we have milked monetary policy as far as we
can. That doesn't mean there won't be further moves. I am
one, though, that believes further moves aren't going to
help."
   But Mr. Syron, who is one of five regional Fed bank
presidents currently serving on the Fed's policy committee,
said, "I happen to be one of those that doesn't think . . .
that monetary policy is impotent." Interest rates cuts
haven't done as much for the economy as in the past because
of some fundamental problems, including the overbuilding of
real estate, he conceded. But he added: "It seems to me hard
to argue that the economy isn't better off now, with a 3.5%
discount rate and fed funds trading in the 4% range, than it
would have been if we had left things where they were 14
months ago."
   The discount rate is the rate the Fed charges on loans to
financial institutions; the federal funds rate is what banks
charge each other on overnight loans. Both have come down
substantially.
   In another sign that the economy is still weak, the Fed
said American factories operated at only 79% of capacity in
December. That's 0.3% below the November rate, marking the
third consecutive decline in capacity utilization.
                                                                                                       

   Here is a summary of the Federal Reserve Board's report on
industrial production in December. The figures are seasonally
adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                                        % change from
                                        Nov.       Dec.
                                        1991       1990
                                                                                                       

 Total ............................     -0.2        0.6
   Consumer goods .................     -0.4        3.5
   Business equipment .............     -0.0        0.5
   Defense and space ..............     -0.2       -9.1
 Manufacturing only ...............      0.1        1.2
   Durable goods ..................     -0.2        0.0

                                                                                                       

 Mining ...........................     -0.3       -4.3
                                                                                                       

 Utilities ........................     -3.0       -1.9
                                                                                                       

   The industrial production index for December stood at
107.8% of the 1987 average.