Western Creditors
   Defer Debt of 8
   Soviet Republics
A participant at the meeting, who spoke on condition of
anonymity, said the deferral involved $3.2 billion.
   The decision came after two days of closed-door meetings
by the group of 17 nations, a delegation for the republics
headed by Peter Aven, co-chairman of the InterState Council
on Supervision of Foreign Debt Servicing, and Tomas Alibegov,
first deputy chairman of the Vnesheconombank, the former
Soviet foreign trade bank handling such affairs for many of
the republics.
   The Group of Seven leading industrial democracies agreed
in late November to work out some arrangements for debt
rescheduling, and this meeting was a starting point for debt
talks with the newly independent republics.
   Mr. Aven said that ambitious economic and structural
adjustment programs were to be introduced in the first
quarter of 1992 to liberalize prices and exchange rates and
reduce public expenditures, monetary growth and fiscal
deficits.
   The eight republics involved in the agreement are Russia,
Byelorussia, Kazakhstan, Armenia, Kirgizia, Moldavia,
Tajikistan and Turkmenia.
   The 17 lender nations are: Australia, Austria, Belgium,
Britain, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy,
Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland
and the U.S.
   Separately, the Soviet Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs
injected #70 million ($130.6 million) into Moscow Narodny
Bank Ltd. to allow the U.K.-based institution to take
additional charges against its Soviet loan exposure, a senior
banker said Friday.
   Moscow Narodny has operated in London since 1919 primarily
as a U.K.-Soviet trade bank. With the infusion, Moscow
Narodny, which halted unsecured lending to the Soviet Union
more than a year ago, has raised its total capital to #190.3
million, up 58% from its previous base of #120.3 million
pounds.