Hercules Net Rose
   Sharply in Quarter:
   Firm Sues Marietta
Net income rose to $34.1 million, or 72 cents a share,
from $2.6 million, or six cents a share, a year earlier.
Charges related to the sale of a unit, a work-force reduction
effort, and other items trimmed $21.9 million, or 46 cents a
share, from the year-ago quarter.
   Sales fell 14% to $709.7 million, Hercules said,
reflecting its disposition of certain "nonstrategic
businesses."
   For the year, net fell to $94.9 million, or $2.01 a share,
from $96 million, or $2.04 a share, in 1990. Sales dropped
8.5% to $2.93 billion from $3.20 billion.
   The latest year included a $42.9 million charge, which cut
91 cents from per-share earnings, related to the April
explosion of a Titan IV rocket engine booster while it was
being tested. The booster program is considered of vital
importance to Hercules's aerospace division.
   Hercules said it "reluctantly" filed a breach-of-contract
suit against Martin Marietta, prime contractor for the Titan
IV. The suit alleges that Martin Marietta failed to provide
contract requirements in a "timely manner" and failed to
properly administer a clause in their agreement relating to
design changes.
   Hercules said it remains "interested in working toward a
negotiated settlement."
   In Bethesda, Md., Martin Marietta said it will defend
itself against what it characterized as Hercules's "grossly
exaggerated and meritless allegations."