Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Fall 29.07 as Weakness
   In Bonds Saps Investor Enthusiasm
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Demand was tepid for the Treasury Department's $9.25
billion of five-year notes that were auctioned off yesterday
afternoon. Long-term Treasury bond prices fell more than a
point, or $10 for a bond with a $1,000 face amount.
   "Equity investors were disappointed by the action in the
bond market," said Edward Nicoski, market strategist at Piper
Jaffray  Hopwood. He said investors are confused about where
to put their money in stocks, with the favored sectors of the
market changing day by day.
   Yesterday's selling hit most groups, sinking the Standard
 Poor's 500-Stock Index 3.17 points to 414.96 and sending
the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index down 1.30 to
228.89. The Dow Jones Equity Market Index lost 2.43 to
391.19.
   Decliners led advancers, 939-798. Volume was 229,680,000
shares, up slightly from 225,030,000 shares Wednesday.
   Market watchers said continued uncertainty about the
economy has left investors wondering where the greatest risks
in the market lie.
   "In the last few days, the growth managers and the people
in the cyclical camp have been fighting one another," said
Peter DelGreco, portfolio manager at Freedom Capital
Management.
   Mr. DelGreco said he is shying away from hard-core
cyclicals but has also trimmed his holdings in growth stocks
with price-earnings ratios above 25. Instead, he favors
stocks that are economically sensitive but not totally
dependent on a pickup in U.S. basic industries. His favorite
group is the cellular telephone stocks, a group that drew
special attention yesterday.
   Centel surged 9 to 46 after it hired Goldman Sachs and
Morgan Stanley to explore "strategic alternatives" including
the possible sale of the company. The company also reported
fourth-quarter profit from continuing operations of 30 cents
a share, up from 11 cents a share a year earlier. The latest
quarter's profit included a gain of 16 cents a share from the
sale of a 50% stake in its Omaha, Neb., cellular system.
   Analysts said speculation about a possible acquisition of
Centel will probably lead to a renewed focus on the value of
the underlying assets of cellular companies.
   Citing similar reasons, Goldman Sachs put Century
Telephone on its "trading buy list." Century jumped 3 5/8 to
33 5/8.
   Meanwhile, John A. Conlon Jr., managing director of
Rothschild Inc., said investors satiated by the recent buying
spree are looking for justification for the decisions they
have made.
   "There are a lot of positive expectations for the economy
built into the market," said Mr. Conlon. "If we don't start
to see some real hard evidence of recovery, then the market
might face more selling that could take the Dow Jones
Industrial Average back to about 3150," he said.
   Mr. DelGreco said money is still coming into equity mutual
funds, although not to the degree that it was several weeks
ago.
   "I anticipate that unless the market cracks in a big way,
there will continue to be people who pick up their passbook .
. . and get very discouraged by the yields they're earning,"
he said.
   Unisys surged 1 1/4 to 7, topping the most active list on
volume of 14 million shares. The computer maker earned 31
cents a share in the fourth quarter, reversing a loss of 74
cents a share a year earlier and ending a seven-quarter
string of losses. Unisys had a strong gain in U.S. orders.
   Investors weren't as pleased with many other earnings
reports. The reports, which are expected to be the focus of
the market for the next week or so, sent some stocks sliding.
Data General lost 3 7/8 to 12 1/8 after reporting
first-quarter profit of 12 cents a share, down from 41 cents
a year earlier.
   American Telephone  Telegraph dropped 7/8 to 39 1/2. The
company earned 48 cents a share in the fourth quarter after a
charge of 14 cents a share on the writedown of an investment
in Industriali Riunite. ATT earned 64 cents a share a year
earlier.
   American President Lines sank 7 1/2 to 35. The shipping
company had fourth-quarter profit of 65 cents a share, up
from 15 cents. However, investors were apparently
disappointed with the quality of those earnings. The quarter
included unanticipated one-time pretax income of $8.3 million
for real estate sales as well as revenue related to last
year's Persian Gulf War.
   Norsk Hydro's American depositary receipts tumbled 2 3/8
to 23. The Norwegian energy, metals and chemicals group said
it will take a 2.4 billion kroner ($384.3 million)
restructuring charge against fourth-quarter pretax earnings.
   Nova Corp. of Alberta added 3/8 to 7. The Heard on the
Street column in The Wall Street Journal said the gas
pipeline and chemicals firm appears to be turning around.
   Dole Food's fourth-quarter earnings rose to 48 cents a
share from 33 cents; the stock surged 2 1/2 to 38 1/4.
   Hannaford Brothers jumped 2 1/4 to 47 1/2. The company
earned 53 cents a share in the fourth quarter, up from 44
cents.
   L.E. Myers, which rose 13% Wednesday, added 1/2 to 18 1/2,
a 52-week high. Cleary Gull Reiland  McDevitt of Milwaukee
initiated coverage of the electrical contractor Wednesday
with a "buy" recommendation.
   Clorox jumped 1 7/8 to 43 3/4. The company's fiscal
second-quarter profit was 47 cents a share, up from 38 cents.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.09
to 414.27. Volume was 19,514,000 shares, up a bit from
19,142,000 Wednesday. There were 338 issues advancing and 304
declining.