What's News --
   Business and Finance
Sales of existing homes rose in December to a rate 0.9%
higher than November's level and up 6.7% from a year earlier,
as low mortgage rates continued to encourage buying. The
median price was up 2.1% from November and 9.1% from a year
earlier.
                                                                                                       

   Home builders report sharp increases in sales and customer
traffic this month. A few big builders say they even managed
to raise prices for the first time in several years.
   ---
   General Motors plans to sell at least $750 million more in
stock to cover its operating losses. The auto maker this time
will offer preference shares that could convert to shares of
its computer systems subsidiary. Meanwhile, the stocks of GM,
Ford and Chrysler rallied yesterday.
   ---
   The dollar rallied, climbing 1.4% against the yen, after
international monetary officials failed to agree to boost the
Japanese currency. Stock and bond prices were little changed.
   ---
   The White House interrupted the printing of Bush's budget
plan to delete an endorsement of a tax on health benefits
received by the rich.
   ---
   Merrill Lynch's earnings soared in the fourth quarter in
the wake of the stock market's rally and a surge in equity
and debt underwriting.
   ---
   Brokerage-firm strategists are advising customers to put
an average of 65.2% of their portfolios in stocks, 32.2% in
bonds and 2.6% in cash. The percentage for equities is the
highest since tracking began in 1987.
   ---
   Arco, Unocal and Phillips Petroleum reported sharply
weaker fourth-quarter results, reflecting declining petroleum
prices as well as slim refining and marketing margins.
   ---
   Shearson is discussing a bailout plan for ailing First
Capital Life to protect Shearson customers who bought First
Capital policies. The step could also protect the firm from
suits over the sale of the policies.
   ---
   Disney's profit increased 22% in the latest period as
strong film results and product sales made up for weakness at
Disney theme parks. The company raised its dividend by 20%.
   ---
   An employer can't be forced to let union organizers onto
its property, except in rare cases, the Supreme Court ruled
in a 6-3 decision.
   ---
   Corporate health costs climbed 12% last year. The growth
rate was down from 17.1% in 1990 but was still four times the
rate of inflation.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 190,430,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3240.61, up 7.83; transportation 1356.32, off 5.97; utilities
213.45, off 0.62.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4228.29, up 0.46.
   Commodities: Oil $19.36 a barrel, up 19 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.62, off 0.36; spot index 115.20, up 0.09.
   Dollar: 125.25 yen, up 1.75; 1.6099 marks, up 0.0149.