Economy:
   U.S. Economy
   Barely Budged
   In 4th Period
   ---
   GDP Increased at 0.3% Rate;
   Personal Spending Fell,
   Building Slump Persisted
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"This is the epitome of an economy that was showing a
little bit of life and then just stalled," said Stuart
Hoffman, chief economist for PNC Financial Corp. in
Pittsburgh. "It is zero growth, but it feels much worse."
   It feels worse because personal consumption expenditures,
which make up the largest single spending component of the
GDP, declined at a 1.1% annual rate in the fourth quarter
after increasing at a 2.3% rate in the third quarter.
   The statistics don't fit the usual definition of a
recession, but job uncertainty and high debt levels have
wreaked havoc on consumer confidence, and analysts say that
until that's reversed, the economy's health will suffer.
   In addition to consumer weakness, a continuing slump in
commercial and residential building and a lack of spending on
new equipment contributed to slow economic activity in the
fourth quarter.
   "Essentially the economy has been flat overall for the
last two years," said the Commerce Department's chief
economist, J. Antonio Villamil.
   There were some bright spots in the report. Exports were
strong in the fourth quarter, narrowing the trade deficit and
keeping GDP from shrinking between October and December.
   "The international sector is by far the greatest
contributor to our economic strength," said Norman Robertson,
chief economist for Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh.
   "Exports have become an increasingly large part of our
economy, and they have actually helped to mitigate our
problems here," said John Godfrey, chief economist of Barnett
Banks Inc. in Jacksonville, Fla.
   However, a growing reliance on exports could prove
troublesome if U.S. trading partners continue to struggle
economically. That may be especially true if U.S. consumers
stay stingy with their own dollars.
   Revisions in the GDP figures could eventually show actual
shrinkage in the economy during the last quarter of 1991. But
analysts say the end result is likely still to be a figure
that shows the economy was at a near-standstill from October
to December.
   All figures have been adjusted for normal seasonal
variations.
   ---
                  GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT
                                                                                                       

   Here are some of the major components of the gross
domestic product expressed in seasonally adjusted annual
rates in billions of constant (1987) dollars:
                                                                                                       

                                   4th Qtr.      3rd Qtr.
                                    1991          1991
                                                                                                       

   GDP...........................  4,866.3       4,862.7
   less: inventory chng .........      2.7           0.1
   equals: final sales ..........  4,863.7       4,862.6
                                                                                                       

 Components of Final Sales
                                                                                                       

   Personal Consumption .........  3,262.2       3,271.2
   Nonresidential Invest. .......    506.9         510.0
   Residential Invest. ..........    181.0         176.5
   Net Exports ..................     -8.3         -31.1
   Gov't Purchases ..............    921.9         936.1
                                                                                                       

   In the fourth quarter, the implicit price deflator rose to
117.9% from 117.4% in the previous quarter.