Amoco Profit Fell
   63% in Quarter;
   Revenue Off 22%
   ----
   By Carolyn Phillips
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Chicago-based concern said it had fourth-quarter net
income of $200 million, or 40 cents a share, down from $538
million, or $1.07 a share, in the 1990 fourth quarter.
Revenue fell to $7.18 billion from $9.18 billion.
   "Lower crude oil and natural gas prices were in sharp
contrast to the 1990 fourth quarter when the Kuwaiti crisis
and uncertainty over supplies led to significantly higher
prices," Amoco Chairman H. Laurance Fuller said in a
statement.
   Amoco closed at $48.125, down 37.5 cents, in New York
Stock Exchange composite trading.
   Amoco said crude oil prices for the 1991 fourth quarter
averaged less than $20 a barrel, more than $10 a barrel less
than the 1990 fourth-quarter average.
   That price level put a crimp in both Amoco's domestic and
foreign exploration and production operations. The domestic
business earned $107 million in the fourth quarter, down from
$300 million a year earlier, while the foreign business
recorded a drop to $46 million from $226 million, with the
1990 segment results restated to exclude corporate expenses
and other items. At the same time, Amoco said, those
operations were hit with an increase of $85 million in
exploration expenses over the 1990 period.
   Amoco's refining, marketing and transportation businesses
benefited from lower crude prices. Earnings of $109 million
for the latest fourth quarter, up from $78 million, reflect
increased sales and slightly higher gasoline margins, Amoco
said.
   Mr. Fuller said Amoco's "chemical operations have been
affected by the soft economic environment and industry
overcapacity." For the quarter, Amoco's chemicals segment
posted a $31 million loss, compared with profit of $29
million for the comparable 1990 quarter. In addition to lower
margins and volumes, Amoco said the loss by its chemicals
business also included charges and write-downs for
streamlining.
   For all of 1991, Amoco had net income of $1.53 billion, or
$3.07 a share, including a gain of $311 million, or 62 cents
a share, from a change in accounting for income taxes. That's
down 20% from 1990 net of $1.91 billion, or $3.77 a share.
Revenue fell 10% to $28.3 billion from $31.6 billion.