IPL Expects to Post
   Fourth-Quarter Net
   Of 57 Cents a Share
Mr. Norton said he expects IPL to report revenue of about
$14 million, up 36% from $10.4 million a year earlier.
   Fueled by the new products, which are fast eclipsing
backup tape drives as the company's mainstay, IPL expects to
report revenue of about $60.5 million for the year, more than
double the $28.7 million posted for 1990. Mr. Norton said net
was $9.4 million, up 70% from 1990's $5.5 million. Per-share
earnings rose 65% to $1.73, from $1.05. Average shares
outstanding increased to 5,414,204 from 5,234,472.
   Mr. Norton also said the company has withdrawn a
two-million share shelf registration for a secondary offering
filed in May with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
issue had previously been delayed when IPL's shares sagged to
the $17-$18 range because the company was unwilling to
proceed at those prices. IPL shares have rebounded, closing
yesterday at $31.50, up $1.50 in national over-the-counter
trading, but Mr. Norton said the success of the new products
has boosted working capital, "so the need for the offering
has disappeared."
   Mr. Norton declined to provide an earnings assessment for
the current quarter or year, except to say that he expected
"bright economic conditions" in 1992, leading to "another
good year."