Business Briefs
Paramax Systems Corp., a package sorting equipment and
systems subsidiary of Unisys Corp., said it received a $42.6
million, two-year contract from the U.S. Postal Service for
53 small parcel and bundle sorter systems.
   ---
   Sara Lee Corp. acquired Balirny Praha, a leading coffee
and tea producer in Prague, Czechoslovakia. Terms weren't
disclosed.
   ---
   Fluor Inc.'s Fluor Daniel unit was chosen as managing
contractor of an $800 million fuel oil upgrading program at
an Antwerp, Belgium, refinery by Fina Raffinaderij Antwerpen
N.V., a unit of Petrofina S.A. of Belgium.
   ---
   Exxon Coal and Minerals Australia Ltd., a subsidiary of
Exxon Corp., said it will close its underground coal mine at
Lemington, eliminating 206 jobs by July.
   ---
   North American Biologicals Inc., a supplier of human-blood
plasma to the healthcare industry, said it will expand its
plasma product capacity by more than 20% during the next six
months by acquiring centers and opening at least one new one.
   ---
   New Plan Realty Trust, New York, will acquire the South
Towne Center in Miamisburg, Ohio, a major shopping center in
suburban Dayton, for $14.3 million.
   ---
   UNC Inc. said its UNC Aviation Services Division was
awarded a U.S. Army contract to provide primary helicopter
flight training services at its Aviation Center and School,
Fort Rucker, Ala.
   --
   NWNL Cos., Minneapolis, sold its Chartwell Re Corp.
subsidiary to an investor group led by Wand Partners Inc.,
including Michigan Mutual Insurance Co., for $71 million.