Owner of Penny Stock
   Brokerage Firm Pleads
   Guilty of Racketeering
Mr. Eisenberg pleaded guilty to the first count of a 1989
indictment that charged him and two other men with
racketeering in connection with fraudulent trading in the
penny stocks of at least six companies, including Liquidation
Control Inc., Toxic Waste Containment Inc. of Washington and
High Technology Capital Corp. of Paterson, N.J.
   Mr. Eisenberg, formerly of Woodmere, N.Y., who now lives
in upstate New York and Boca Raton, Fla., has agreed to
cooperate with the authorities, and is free on $850,000 bail.
   Mr. Eisenberg faces a maximum of 20 years in federal
prison and fines ranging from $250,000 to twice the profit or
loss due to the scheme, which have been estimated in the
millions of dollars. Barry M. Fallick, Mr. Eisenberg's
lawyer, declined to comment.
   Richard O. Bertoli, 59, and Richard S. Cannistraro, 39,
were also charged along with Mr. Eisenberg, and have been
indicted again by a Newark federal grand jury for
racketeering in the same penny stock fraud schemes that
netted more than $7 million in profit for Messrs. Bertoli,
Cannistraro and Eisenberg. Mr. Eisenberg, who has not been
indicted again, has said Mr. Bertoli masterminded the
schemes.
   Mr. Cannistraro, a former securities analyst who is
currently in jail for securities fraud, and Mr. Bertoli,
former president of defunct Executive Securities Corp., New
York, allegedly along with Mr. Eisenberg prepared false
research reports on the six companies, and traded the
companies' stock based on advance knowledge of the reports.
The indictment also alleges that the defendants bribed two
portfolio managers and a New York securities analyst to get
their companies to buy large blocks of the six companies'
stock.