New Securities Issues
Century Communications Corp. -- A $200 million offering of
9.75% senior notes maturing Feb. 15, 2002, for sale through
Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. as sole
underwriter. The notes are noncallable and will have no
required amortization. Net proceeds will be used to pay bank
debt.
   Fair Lanes Inc. -- A $138 million issue of 11.875% senior
secured notes, due Aug. 15, 1997, was priced at 99.504 to
yield 12%. The issue is noncallable until Feb. 15, 1995, when
it is callable at 105. The issue can then be called at par on
Feb. 15, 1996. Rated single-B-1 by Moody's Investors Service
Inc. and single-B by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will
be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette Securities Corp.
   Union Planters Corp. -- An issue of two million shares of
$25 convertible preferred, Series E, was priced to yield 8%.
The shares are convertible into common at $20 a share. Rated
double-B by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Morgan Keegan  Co. and are noncallable for five
years.
   Automatic Data Processing Inc. -- A $700 million issue of
liquid yield option notes, due Feb. 20, 2012, was priced at
354.71 to yield 5.25%. The Lyons are convertible into common
at $54.90 a share. Rated double-A-3 by Moody's and
double-A-minus by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co. and is noncallable
for four years.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Buttrey Food  Drug Stores Co. -- An initial public
offering of three million common shares priced at $21 a share
through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co. The issue
was increased from 2.9 million shares.
   National Health Laboratories Inc. -- An issue of 14
million common shares priced at $26.375 a share through
underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   Living Centers of America Inc. -- An initial public
offering of 7.776 million common shares priced at $14.50 a
share through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Cytogen Corp./Cytorad Inc. -- An initial public offering
of 3.5 million units each consisting of one common share in
Cytorad and one warrant for Cytogen stock, was priced at $10
a share through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
   Intertape Polymer Group Inc. -- An initial public offering
of 2.4 million common shares priced at $8.50 a share through
underwriters led by Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   Advanced Tissue Sciences Inc. -- An issue of two million
common shares priced at $14.50 a share through underwriters
led by Smith Barney Harris Upham  Co.
   Technology Solutions Co. -- A secondary offering of 1.9
million common shares at $26.50 a share. Goldman, Sachs  Co.
and Robertson, Stephens  Co. are leading the underwriters.
   Allied Group Inc. -- An issue of 1.5 million common shares
priced at $18.50 a share through underwriters led by Alex.
Brown  Sons Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Wisconsin -- $219.04 million general obligation bonds of
1992, Series A, due May 1, 1993-2012, apparently were won by
a First Boston Corp. group with a bid setting the true
interest cost at 6.25%. The bonds, rated double-A by both
Moody's and SP, were priced for reoffering to yield from
3.00% in 1993 to 6.60% in 2011 and 2012.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- A $500 million issue
of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is
being offered by Goldman, Sachs  Co. The offering, Series
Gold 1226, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8.50% mortgage
securities. The weighted average lives assume prepayments at
175% of the PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 9.15% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 29.5 years.
                                                                                                       

                       MISCELLANEOUS
                                                                                                       

   Brazilian Equity Fund Inc. -- An initial public offering
of four million shares at $15 each, and will offer the shares
in the U.S. and internationally. The closed-end investment
fund, which is newly organized, will invest primarily in
Brazilian companies.
   Korea Investment Fund Inc. -- An initial public offering
of 4.2 million common shares priced at $12 a share through
underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   A/S Eksportfinans -- A 125 million New Zealand dollar
issue of 8.125% medium-term notes due Feb. 24, 1995, priced
at 100.50 to yield 7.934% initially. The notes will be
reoffered at various prices. The noncallable notes were
priced at a spread of 10 basis points below the comparable
New Zealand government bond. Rated double-A-1 by Moody's and
triple-A by SP, the issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch
 Co.
   Credit Foncier de France (France) -- 750 million Europen
currency units of 8.375% Eurobonds due March 17, 2004, at an
issue price of 100.35 via Paribas Capital Markets Ltd.
Reoffered at a fixed price of 98.70 to yield 8.55% annually,
a spread of seven basis points over the French government's
ECU issue. Option to increase the issue size to 1 billion
ECUs within a week. Fees 2.
   3I Group PLC (U.K.) -- #125 million of floating-rate notes
due March 3, 1997, at an issue price and reoffering price of
99.61 via S.G. Warburg Ltd. Interest rate will float at a
margin of .375 point above the three-month sterling London
Interbank Offered Rate. At the 99.61 reoffer price, the
discounted margin works out to a spread of 47.6 basis points
above a constant 10% Libor. Callable at par on every coupon
date from the second year onward. There is a first long
coupon payable in June and then quarterly thereafter. Fees
0.20.
   Caisse Centrale Desjardins du Quebec (Canada) -- 100
million Canadian dollar 8.75% Eurobonds due April 9, 1997, at
an issue price of 101.275 via Wood Gundy Inc. Reoffered at
99.75 and at a spread of 76 basis points above the comparable
government issue. Fees 1.875.
   Deutsche Bank Finance N.V. Curacao (German parent) -- 200
billion Italian lire of 11.125% Eurobonds maturing March 11,
1999, at an issue price of 101.20 via Banca d'America e
d'Italia. Guaranteed by Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 1.875.
   Onoda Cement Co. (Japan) -- 10 billion yen of 5.75%
Eurobonds due June 3, 1997, at an issue price of 101.60 via
Daiwa Europe Ltd. Reoffered at par. Fees 1.875.
   European Coal and Steel Community (agency) -- 100 million
marks of 7.75% privately placed bonds due Feb. 28, 2002, via
Deutsche Bank AG. Price and fees undisclosed.