Big Stock Exchanges' Seats Fetch
   Higher Prices as Trading Expands
   ----
   By Michael Siconolfi and William Power
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Just yesterday, a seat sold on the American Stock Exchange
for $95,000, up 22% from the prior sale earlier this year.
That's the highest level since May 1991, though still far
below the record $420,000 set on the Friday before the
October 1987 stock market crash.
   Seats -- viewed as a barometer of Wall Street's health --
give the holder the right to trade stocks at an exchange
without paying a commission. They are owned (or rented from
their owners) by brokerage firms, independent floor traders
and the "specialist" firms that make markets in individual
stocks on the exchange floors. The Big Board has 1,366 seats;
the current asking price is $800,000, and the current bid is
$400,000.
   The jump in seat prices signals that Wall Street is
optimistic about the continued vitality of the stock market.
"It's a lot easier to make money on the floor with this type
of volume," says Charles Doherty, president of the Midwest
Stock Exchange in Chicago, where seat prices have doubled to
$35,000 in the past few months.
   Big Board volume has averaged a brisk 237.1 million shares
a day so far this year, 32% above the 1991 average.
   Actually, stocks themselves have been a better investment
than seats in recent years. The Dow Jones Industrial Average
has risen 87% since the 1987 crash, while Big Board seat
prices have dropped 48% from the record $1,150,000 sale in
September 1987, a month before the crash.
   The recent run-up in seat prices is being spurred, in
part, by a sudden drain on the supply of leased seats. For
example, Big Board traders are abuzz about powerful Goldman,
Sachs  Co.'s plan to add four floor brokers to its exchange
contingent; Goldman confirms it has rented a seat for each of
them. In addition, some other major brokerage firms that
lease out seats have withdrawn them from the market recently,
probably with an eye toward hiring more floor brokers.
   On the Big Board floor, there is concern that smaller
brokers who rely on leasing their seats will suffer because
of the higher rents. "I'm very concerned about the
possibility of a squeeze developing for the independents who
lease their seats," says James J. Maguire, chairman of
Henderson Brothers Inc., one of the major Big Board
specialist firms and owner of 20 seats.
   Seats are leasing for $80,000 to $85,000 a year, typically
representing a 15% to 18% return on the owner's money.
Because seats generally rent for 17% of what they cost, the
current rise in seat prices will push rents above $100,000.
   Moreover, some traders say, seats are still catching up
with the rapid rise in share prices in 1991 and the explosion
of trading volume. They say prices have been overly depressed
because many smaller brokerage firms sold their seats after
the 1987 crash and did their trading through so-called
clearing firms.
   Seat prices won't soar forever, though. The Big Board's
share of the stock-trading business continues to decline as
regional, overseas and electronic exchanges continue to win
more volume. Many traders say it will be quite some time
before a Big Board seat sells for more than $1 million again.
   The seat-price jump nevertheless comes at a good time for
the Big Board. It's preparing to launch a big advertising
campaign to celebrate its 200th anniversary, hoping to
diffuse ads attacking its franchise from the National
Association of Securities Dealers and its Nasdaq
over-the-counter market. Nasdaq now reports almost as much
volume as the Big Board.
   Not all stock exchanges are enjoying a boom in seat
prices, but most have seen modest rallies. The Philadelphia
Stock Exchange sold a seat this week at $20,000, up from the
$17,000 late last year, but still far below the $55,000 of
1989. At the Pacific Stock Exchange in San Francisco, a seat
sold this week for $20,000, a bit higher than sales earlier
in the year but about flat with last year's prices (and well
behind the record of $100,100 just before the crash).
   Yesterday's seat sale at the Amex, the Big Board's smaller
neighbor in New York, followed an earlier sale of just
$78,000 on Jan. 31. That had marked the lowest level since
June 1979, when Amex seats sold for $75,000.
   The current asking price is $100,000 and the current bid
is $87,000; the Amex has 661 seats.
   After a tepid trading pace in 1991, "volume has started
turning around," said James Jones, Amex chairman.