Who's News:
   Comsat Names Laird
   Chairman, Crockett
   Its Chief Executive
The action follows the election last month of the
company's current chairman and chief executive, Irving
Goldstein, as director general of the International
Telecommunications Satellite Organization, or Intelsat, a
120-member cartel that controls international satellite
service.
   The actions give Mr. Crockett control of running the
day-to-day operations of the company, which provides
international and domestic fixed and mobile communications
services. Mr. Crockett said the new job is an extension of
what he has been doing as chief operating officer, "maybe a
little more strategic" with "maybe a little less
international travel."
   Mr. Goldstein's election will be ratified by the Intelsat
Assembly of Parties in midFebruary, the company said, and he
will retire from Comsat following the Feb. 21 meeting of its
board. Mr. Crockett will then assume Mr. Goldstein's board
seat.
   Mr. Laird, 68 years old, has been a Comsat director since
September 1974. Since February 1974, Mr. Laird has been
senior counselor for national and international affairs of
Reader's Digest Association Inc. He is a former U.S.
congressman, and was secretary of defense from 1969 to 1973.
He also was counselor for domestic affairs to the president
of the U.S. from 1973 to 1974.
   Mr. Crockett, 47, has been president and chief operating
officer of Comsat since April 1991. He was previously chief
financial officer and in 1987 became president of Comsat's
largest business unit, directing the company's Intelsat and
Inmarsat-related businesses. He joined the company in 1980.