Economy:
   Building Contracts
   Fell in November,
   Dodge Reports
   ----
   By Stephanie Ferrell-Keegan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In November, total construction was at a $228.36 billion
annual rate, seasonally adjusted, down 4% from October's
$237.81 billion rate.
   Despite the decline in the latest month, the Dodge Index
has shown general improvement since it hit a low point in
February. Last year was "the construction industry's
`turnaround' year, with modest but continuing improvement
from beginning to end -- the opposite of 1990, when building
activity deteriorated steadily," said George A. Christie,
F.W. Dodge's chief economist. "In typical fashion, the
recovery of construction contracting has so far been confined
largely to housing, the most credit-sensitive part of the
market. The latest interest-rate lowering by the Fed will
help bring one-family home building close to its full
potential in 1992, but the distressed commercial real-estate
market is down for the long count."
   Contracting for nonresidential buildings, specifically in
the industrial area, fell 8% on a seasonally adjusted basis
to $75.9 billion from $82.8 billion in October. The
educational construction area showed a slight gain.
   Nonbuilding construction, which includes public works and
utilities, fell 6% to a seasonally adjusted $47 billion from
$50.2 billion in October, as contracting for sewers and waste
treatment facilities sagged. Mr. Christie noted that the
"passage of the new six-year, $150 billion transportation
program assures renewed strength in public works construction
beginning early in 1992."
   The value of residential building rose slightly to a
seasonally adjusted $105.4 billion from $104.8 billion in
October; a small gain in single-family homes offset a further
decline in multifamily units.
   The year-to-date unadjusted value of total newly started
construction fell 9% to $210.62 billion from $232.01 billion
in 1990. The West showed the biggest decline, of 15%, while
the South Central region had a 4% gain for the first 11
months; the rest of the country was about equal to the 9%
national average decline.
   ---
                               a-Nov. '91        Seasonally
                               Construction      Adjusted %
                               Contract Val.     Change From
                               (000,000)         Prev. Month
                                                                                                       

 Nonresidential bldg. ........   $75,942            - 8
 Residential building ........   105,406            + 1
 Nonbuilding constr. .........    47,013            - 6
 Total construction ..........   228,361            - 4
                                                                                                       

   a-Monthly construction contract values are reported on an
annualized, seasonally adjusted basis.
                                                                                                       

                              Year        Year        Cumu-
                              1991        1990        lative
                              (000,000)   (000,000)   % Chg
                                                                                                       

 Nonresidential bldg. ......  $74,481     $84,815      -12
 Residential building ......   91,167     100,159      - 9
 Nonbuilding constr. .......   44,975      47,037      - 4
 Total construction ........  210,623     232,011      - 9