Judgment on Bonds
   Issued by WPPSS Is
   Reversed by Court
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
Chemical Bank, trustee for the bondholders, had claimed
that over $400 million in costs were misallocated during the
time the projects were under construction, and that, with
interest from that time, the claim now amounts to more than
$1 billion. WPPSS had declined to estimate the financial
value of the claim.
   Craig Doupe, WPPSS chief counsel, said the decision was a
major victory that largely vindicated the municipal public
power supply system's accounting. "The basic opinion is that
we properly allocated costs between our twin plants. "It was
a battle between the bondholders and the ratepayers -- the
ratepayers won," he said.
   Attorneys for Chemical Bank and the bondholders couldn't
be reached yesterday and so it couldn't be determined whether
they plan to petition the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the
case.
   The ruling sends the case back to Judge Browning in
Tucson, Ariz., for further consideration of the accounting.
Although prospects of large payments to bondholders were
sharply diminished by the appeals court support for WPPSS
accounting treatment, some misallocations may have occurred
that would result in some smaller bondholder payments.
   The abandonment of projects 4 and 5 in 1982 resulted in
WPPSS defaulting on $2.25 billion of bonds in 1983, the
biggest municipal-bond default ever.