LEISURE  ARTS:
   A Gardener's Guide to V-Day
   ----
   By Patti Hagan
I hope Dr. Szabo made it to the present-day use of symbols
of love such as the milk-chocolate heart, because the Godiva
Chocolatier Valentine's Day 1992 catalog is full of cardioid
examples of Theobroma cacao hearts and flowers and claims
that postmodern Lupercalians who spend a mere $19 can "win
her heart with our Floral Heart Box, strewn with flowers
plucked from an English garden on Godiva's exclusive paper."
   Maybe so, but for this recession Valentine's I've begun to
think that the cordately thrifty approach should stress the
flower (horticultural) side of the holiday over its heart
(chocolate) side. What tipped me in this direction was the
gardener's Valentine I was sent last week: a five-pound box
of "Merrill's Manure: Fine Manure for America's Rooftop
Gardens, Houseplants  Window Boxes -- SINCE 1991." Dark,
rich, chocolaty. Nonfattening for people, nutritious (5-5-5)
for plants. My funny Valentine. No reason Billie Holiday
couldn't have sung the text: "Merrill's is nothing short of
completely natural, organically pure, classic and mellow
manure. You could do a lot worse. Merrill's is also the
perfect gift-that-keeps-on-giving. For your favorite gardener
-- or for that Very Special Friend." Merrill's Manure comes
from a farm (P.O. Box 708, Millerton, N.Y. 12546;
518-789-4123). Brief but telling bios accompany portraits of
the manure-making menagerie. Fifteen cows (Betty, Phyllis,
Brenda, Dot, etc.) are "pampered with the finest natural feed
. . . every morsel is digested through four stomachs, with
you in mind-your rooftop gardens, city window boxes and your
beautiful house plants." Three horses. Two sheep. Three
Miniature Donkeys. The Gabors: Jolie, Zsa Zsa and Eva, who
"came to Merrill's from a Politically Prominent Eastern
Family . . . imagine what a wonderful place we have if
Politically Prominent Miniature Donkeys live here." Two
swans, Helmut und Ilsa, nee Nijinsky and Pavlova. Gaggles of
geese. Flocks of chickens. Puddles of ducks. It's too late to
get a $9.95 bag to your beloved, but a handmade heart-shaped
gift certificate can still be improvised by the creative
swain or sweetheart, to prepare the loved one for the
impending arrival of a gift that "will not burn your tender
plants."
   And to plant in the manurial Valentine, love seeds that
suit the relationship: seeds of Love-lies-bleeding
("Amaranthus caudatus"), Sweet William ("Dianthus barbatus"),
Bachelor's Button ("Centaurea cyanus"), Sensitive Plant
("Mimosa pudica"), Sweet William Catchfly ("Silene armeria"),
Johnny-jump-up, a.k.a. Heartsease ("Viola tricolor"), all
from the Thomas Jefferson Center for Historic Plants,
Monticello, P.O. Box 318, Charlottesville, Va. 22902
(804-979-5283). Or "Public Domain . . . non-patented,
open-pollinated" seeds of Love-in-a-Mist ("Nigella
damascena"), Lovage ("Levisticum officinale"), Red
Passionflower ("Passiflora cinnabarina") from the redoubtable
J.L. Hudson, Seedsman ("Vendimus Semina: Preservation Through
Dissemination"), P.O. Box 1058, Redwood City, Calif. 94064 --
"NO TELEPHONE]" Or send Love-in-a-Puff ("Cardiospermum
halicacabum"), Bleeding Heart ("Dicentra") or Heartleaf
("Bergenia cordifolia") seeds from Thompson  Morgan (P.O.
Box 1308, Jackson, N.J. 08527; 908-363-2225). Or, if you
insist on symbolic love in bloom, send roses from Jackson 
Perkins (P.O. Box 1028, Medford, Ore. 97501; 800-292-GROW)
such as the "extremely freeblooming" white "Amorette," or the
scarlet/white "Love" -- "Love never stops blooming" -- plus a
pair of Heart Vase Pins ($12.95), "stylish glass lapel pins"
so that you can go ahead and wear your "Love" on your lapel.
Or, from Nichols Garden Nursery (1190 North Pacific Highway,
Albany, Ore. 97321; 503-928-9280), such Valentine's
watermelon seeds as "Jack of Hearts," "You Sweet Thing" and
"Yellow Cutie." How about "Walla Walla Sweet" onion seeds?
   And if all winter you've been longing for hearty
implements, there is the Heart Hoe, "used to cultivate small
gardens . . . where a delicate touch is required. The narrow
blade allows you to cultivate close to plants with precision"
-- $12.95 from Langenbach (P.O. Box 453, Blairstown, N.J.
07825; 800-362-1991). Or the heart-bladed Perennial Planting
Tool "often called a `trowel with an attitude,'" a "tough
little tool" at $29.95 from Hastings: Seedsman to the South,
P.O. Box 115535, Atlanta, Ga. 30310; 800-334-1771. And
certainly there could be no more memorable preventative
Valentine, considering the rodents that are even now
preparing to massacre your spring bulbs, than a 12-gauge
galvanized Havaheart trap, such as the $49.95 model from
Gardener's Supply (128 Intervale Road, Burlington, Vt. 05401;
802-863-1700).
   But supposing, even after all the above, you still want to
get below the earthy Valentine and find "The Gritty Side of
Love." It's not too late to fly, Cupidlike, into a bookstore
and pick up "Have Some Sand," a bookette collaboration of
Suzanne Slesin, John Margolies and Emily Gwathmey, just out
from Clarkson Potter -- 48 giddy pages of amorous period
postcards for $14. Not cards to send but to savor with your V
person as the Lupercal turns to night.