Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Fall 30.64 as Investors End
   Rotation Strategy, Take Profits
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 30.64 points to
3223.39. Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index slid 3.72 to
412.64, the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index lost 2.03
to 227.64, and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 3.74 to
388.26.
   The profit-taking was heavy in most sectors of the market,
even those economically sensitive areas that had attracted
buyers in recent sessions.
   Among the 30 stocks of the Dow Jones industrials,
Caterpillar fell 1 1/2 to 46 3/4, Bethlehem Steel lost 3/8 to
15 7/8, and General Motors slid 1 1/8 to 32 3/4.
   Technology stocks were particularly hard hit.
International Business Machines fell 2 3/8 to 92 7/8. IBM
unveiled five workstations yesterday.
   Advancers trailed decliners, 578 to 1,195. Volume was
218,650,000 shares, up from Monday's holiday trading of
180,870,000 shares.
   Some of the worst-performing stocks from last year did
attract buying, notably energy and Baby Bell stocks.
   Chevron rallied 2 1/8 to 70 1/8, Texaco gained 1 5/8 to 63
1/2, and Exxon rose 7/8 to 60 7/8. Among the telephones,
BellSouth rose 7/8 to 50 1/2 and Southwestern Bell added 7/8
to 61 7/8.
   Analysts said, however, that the late attention to the two
groups probably signals that the rotation into lagging
sectors of the market is about over.
   "They've finally picked up just about everything that was
left behind," said Michael Metz, market strategist at
Oppenheimer  Co. "I think this is prologue to a {larger}
correction" in stock prices, he added. Mr. Metz expects the
drop in stocks to take the Dow Jones industrials back into
the 3100s. Advest Inc.'s director of research, Jack
Shaughnessy, expects about the same.
   Market watchers are divided, however, on whether the
market faces another sharp rally or a monotonous trading
range once the pullback is over.
   "Most of the money that was desperate to be employed has
finally found employment," said Mr. Metz. "I wonder if there
is enough urgency left at this stage to give the market
another leg upward."
   Mr. Shaughnessy, however, expects stocks to keep climbing
as long as shortterm rates remain low and the economy
improves. "The market's got another 5% to 10% on the upside
before year end" he said.
   Aluminum stocks got hammered along with other cyclical
shares. The beating delivered to aluminum was a little
harder, however, because of an article in yesterday's Wall
Street Journal that highlighted the glut created by aluminum
sales from the former Soviet Union. Aluminum Co. of America
fell 2 7/8 to 66 1/4, Amax Inc. dropped 1 to 20, Reynolds
Metals slid 2 1/8 to 55 3/8, and Maxxam lost 1 3/4 to 37 3/4
in American Stock Exchange trading.
   Alcan Aluminium dropped 1 to 21 1/8. Monday, the company
reported a fourth-quarter loss of 18 cents a share, compared
with profit of 83 cents a share a year ago.
   Cypress Semiconductor slipped further after plunging
Monday on disappointing earnings news. The stock, which lost
about 20% Monday, fell 1/4 to 13 7/8 on volume of about 2.9
million shares. The company earned 15 cents a share in the
fourth quarter, down from 22 cents a year ago.
   Drug stocks also fell. Merck dropped 2 to 151 1/2 and
Pfizer fell 2 3/8 to 73 7/8. Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 2 7/8
to 81 3/4. A product liability lawsuit, seeking class-action
status, has been filed against the company alleging a variety
of health complaints caused by breast implants made by the
company.
   R.P. Scherer rose 2 1/4 to 27 1/4. Ronald Nordmann, an
analyst of PaineWebber, initiated coverage with an
"attractive" rating. PaineWebber was part of the underwriting
syndicate that brought the company public again in October.
   Eljer Industries climbed 1 1/8 to 11 5/8 after surging 2
Monday. Eljer has said it knows of no reason for the rise.
Rumors have circulated around the company, including one that
Hanson PLC's Jacuzzi unit is interested in reviving its bid
for all or part of the company.
   Stride Rite rose 1 3/8 to 29 7/8. The company earned 23
cents a share in the fourth quarter, up from 18 cents a year
ago and above analysts' expectations.
   Union Camp lost 2 to 51. The paper company reported
fourth-quarter profit of 29 cents a share, down from 77 cents
a year earlier and below many analysts' estimates.
   Chemical Banking eased 1/8 to 27 7/8. After the market
closed, the company's 50 million-share offering was priced at
$27.25 a share by underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
   Southwest Airlines lost 2 to 33 after it filed to offer
two million common shares.
   Coca-Cola Enterprises fell 3/4 to 14 3/8. The company
expects to report a loss of 79 cents a share, including a
restructuring charge, for the full year when it reports
results next month.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index sank 4.82
to 410.51. Volume was 17,734,000 shares, up slightly from
17,470,000 Monday. There were 254 advancers and 382
decliners.
   Carrington Laboratories rose 1 1/8 to 20. The company said
it received Department of Agriculture approval for the use of
its Acemannan drug as a vaccine adjuvant in poultry.