Technology  Health:
   First Brands Sets
   Recycling Plan
   For Antifreeze
   ----
   By Kevin Pritchett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
First Brands envisions an extensive system in which
consumers, auto dealerships, service stations, heavy-duty
fleet operations and quick lube facilities could drop off
their old antifreeze at special locations.
   The company will use new processing technology to clean up
the antifreeze, a poisonous substance, by adding chemicals
that make it useful again, for resale by the processing
locations. A fleet of vans also will carry the special
recycling equipment.
   First Brands also will sell special kits to car owners to
make it easier for them to remove old antifreeze and collect
it.
   The announcement marks a first for the antifreeze market,
which is under pressure to deal with environmental problems
caused by improper disposal of antifreeze. At least 10 states
have adopted laws or are considering measures that would
place restrictions on the disposal of antifreeze.
   About 200 million gallons of antifreeze are purchased in
North America annually, generating twice that volume when
water is added.
   Along with the positive environmental aspects of
antifreeze recycling, First Brands sees an opportunity
through Prestone Technology to expand its businesses.
According to Mr. Bowen, Prestone Technology could in five
years be as big as the company's current antifreeze and
coolant business. In 1991, the antifreeze/coolant segment of
the company posted $241.2 million in revenue. First Brands
says it has about 45% to 50% of the market.