General Dynamics
   Raises Dividend 60%
   To 40 Cents a Share
Chairman William A. Anders told analysts last year that
those alternatives could include a stock buy-back, a special
distribution or a self-tender, "to name a few." Engaged in a
concerted cash-generation campaign, General Dynamics ended
1991 with $800 million in cash and began paying down about
$350 million in long-term debt, with an additional $100
million to follow later this year. Earlier this year, it
completed the sale of its Cessna business-aircraft unit to
Textron Inc. for $600 million.
   Mr. Anders has said that after achieving desired liquidity
and providing adequate funds for investment in its core
defense businesses, the company would return excess cash to
shareholders. He had promised some sort of action after the
end of the current quarter.
   Though Mr. Anders's current statement indicated the
defense contractor isn't done yet, a spokesman wouldn't give
a timetable for providing cash to shareholders.
   In New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, General
Dynamics stock closed at $61.625 a share, up 75 cents.
   When an incentive plan for 25 top executives took effect
in February 1991, the stock price was just over $25 a share.
Before a January shareholder vote replaced it with a more
traditional stock-option arrangement, the plan had provided
more than $20 million in bonuses to the 25 executives through
payments made for each $10 rise in the stock price.