Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Soar 25.26 to New High,
   Helped by Treasury's Note Auction
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Treasury's $11.03 billion of 10-year notes fetched a
respectable average yield of 7.29%. The quarterly refunding
will conclude today with the sale of $10 billion of 30-year
bonds.
   Both stocks and bonds slipped back from their afternoon
highs near the end of the day, but the session still left the
Dow Jones Industrial Average at a record high, up 25.26
points to 3276.83. The industrial average's prior record
close of 3272.81 was reached Feb. 4.
   "It's very hard to say you should jump in and chase this
thing {stock market rally}, but at the same time I don't want
to be short {in} the market," said Charles Comer, director of
research at CL Global Partners. Short covering helped drive
the afternoon rally as traders who had sold borrowed stock
rushed to buy shares with which to pay back their loans.
   The rally permeated nearly all sectors of the market,
including transportation stocks and lagging utility shares.
The Dow Jones Transportation Index gained 15.32 to 1405.64,
while the Dow Jones Utility Index added 1.25 to 209.94.
   The recent upturn in utility stocks, which generally rise
on the prospect of lower interest rates, reflects the belief
among some investors that rates will slip again soon.
   Many market watchers expect the Federal Reserve Board to
ease short-term interest rates another notch this week or
next.
   Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index rose 3.37 to 417.13 and
the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index added 1.60 to
230.54.
   Advancing stocks outpaced declining stocks, 1,096 to 648.
New York Stock Exchange volume totaled 230,230,000 shares, up
from Tuesday's 200,110,000.
   "The odds seem to be building for a further rate cut,"
said Jack Shaughnessy, director of research at Advest Inc.
   Today's report on January retail sales could narrow those
odds if they show continued weakness in the economy.
Tomorrow, the Labor Department will release its January
producer price index, a major inflation gauge.
   Mr. Shaughnessy said the partisan wrangling between the
president and Congress over a fiscal stimulus package is also
bullish for the market, because it lessens the likelihood
that they will agree on any strong measures that could prove
inflationary.
   Meanwhile, some technical analysts say indicators of the
market's mood make a rally more likely than a rout. They cite
the current high levels of pessimism, which tend to coincide
with market bottoms rather than tops.
   A new issue of convertible preferred stock from General
Motors topped the most-active list. The Series C preferred
stock, which is convertible into General Motors' Class E
stock, was priced at $50 a share and ended unchanged on
volume of more than 6.3 million shares. GM's Class E shares
fell 5/8 to 57 1/8, but the common stock rose 1/2 to 35 7/8.
   Fisher Scientific International fell 2 to 22 5/8. Henley
Group said it plans to sell its remaining 6.5 million shares
of Fisher in a secondary offering. Fisher was wholly owned by
Henley until December.
   Standard Brands Paint said it filed a voluntary Chapter 11
petition for reorganization under federal bankruptcy laws
after failing to reach agreements with lenders and possible
investors. The company's stock lost 1/8 to 1 7/8.
   Circus Circus Enterprises rose 2 1/2 to 44 3/4.
Oppenheimer  Co. raised its rating on the stock to "market
performer" from "sell."
   Other casino stocks rallied, including Mirage Resorts,
which gained 1 to 30 7/8, Caesar's World, which added 5/8 to
36, and Promus, which rose 3/8 to 28 1/4. Promus reported a
fourth-quarter loss of two cents a share, narrower than the
71-cent-a-share loss reported a year ago.
   Conner Peripherals rose 1 3/4 to 20 5/8. First Boston
upgraded its rating to "buy" from "hold" on the disk drive
maker.
   Technology stocks rallied. International Business Machines
gained 1 3/4 to 92 1/8.
   Digital Equipment rose 2 1/4 to 59 1/8. Cray Research said
it will use Digital technology for its first-generation
"massively parallel processing system." Cray Research jumped
2 1/8 to 46 1/2.
   Texas Instruments rallied 3 to 38, National Semiconductor
rose 7/8 to 10 3/4, Hewlett-Packard gained 2 1/8 to 64 1/8
and Compaq Computer rose 1 3/8 to 31 5/8. Tandem Computers
gained 7/8 to 13 3/4 and computer retailer Tandy jumped 3 3/8
to 31 1/8.
   Merrill Lynch upgraded its investment rating on J.P.
Morgan, helping to send the bank's stock up 3/4 to 60 1/8.
   Van Dorn surged 1 1/8 to 19 1/2. The company has received
a new $20-a-share bid from Crown Cork  Seal. Van Dorn said
it isn't in talks with Crown, but will review the offer.
   Fruit of the Loom fell 1 to 33 7/8. Oppenheimer  Co. cut
its rating on the underwear maker to "market performer" from
"buy."
   News Corp. rallied 2 to 25 1/2. The media conglomerate
expects to report improved results in its fiscal fourth
quarter. The company said its six-month operating profit rose
38%.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 3.53
to 418.99.