Who's News:
   ITT Names Kelly
   To Chairman's Post
   At Financial Unit
Mr. Kelly was named president and chief operating officer
of the Minneapolis-based unit last October at the same time
that Mr. Laqueur was named chairman. In December, Mr. Kelly
was given the additional title of chief executive.
   A spokeswoman said Mr. Laqueur, 49, resigned to pursue
other business interests, adding that he wanted to move back
to the East Coast.
   Mr. Kelly joined the consumer finance subsidiary last year
from Kelly Holding Co., a closely held Cincinnati investment
company where he was president and chief executive officer.
   In addition, Gerald C. Crotty, 40, was made president and
chief operating officer of ITT Consumer Financial, succeeding
Mr. Kelly. Mr. Crotty, who joined ITT last June as vice
president, had been chief of staff to New York Gov. Mario
Cuomo.
   ITT Consumer Financial had been plagued by a series of
legal problems dating back to the mid-1980s. Last July, in an
agreement estimated to cost as much as $47.8 million, it
settled two Minnesota class-action suits alleging it engaged
in dishonest lending practices and unauthorized
life-insurance sales.
   The company operates more than 700 financial services
offices in 34 states, providing small consumer loans, real
estate secured loans, retail sales financing, insurance
products, and a consumer discount buying club. It also
operates a small loan company in Puerto Rico.