Intel Corp. Reports
   15% Profit Increase
   For Fourth Quarter
Andrew S. Grove, chief executive officer and president,
said increasing sales of Intel's new generation 486 and 386
SL chips used in personal computers contributed to much of
the company's success.
   The assault on Intel's dominance in the chip market by
Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Sunnyvale, Calif., which is also
selling a 386 chip, had "a very minor impact" on revenue, an
Intel spokesman said. Sales of Intel's older 386 chip dropped
slightly because customers were switching to the newer chips,
he said.
   The chip maker's international sales in 1991 exceeded U.S.
sales for the first time, with sales in Europe growing to
more than $1 billion. Intel said that previously, sales in
Europe usually accounted for about 25% of its business, with
Asia accounting for about 25%, and the U.S. about 50%.
   Mr. Grove said he foresees continuing success in 1992,
with increases in sales for new products such as multimedia
processors and supercomputers. Intel will invest about $2
billion for research and development and new plants and
equipment in 1992, he said.
   Intel's growing chip sales and earnings will probably
continue through 1992, said Tom Thornhill, an analyst at
Montgomery Securities. "The market is rolling continually
toward their higher-end products," he said.
   For the year, Intel's profit jumped 26% to $818.6 million,
or $3.92 a share, compared with $650.3 million, or $3.20 a
share, a year earlier. Revenue grew 22% to $4.78 billion,
compared with $3.92 billion.
   Intel closed at $56, up $1.50, in national
over-the-counter trading yesterday.