Volkswagen Discusses
   Expansion in Poland,
   Pushing a Drive East
His comments underscore a rising concern of German
businessmen, who recently have started acting on their
complaints about high production costs by steering more and
more new investment abroad. The provisional 6.4% wage
increase for German steel workers agreed to just this week
only adds impetus to that movement, Mr. Hahn indicated.
   Mr. Hahn's own strategies have made VW one of the leaders
in expanding out of its expensive home production base.
Europe's No. 1 auto producer last year announced that more
than half of its 52 billion marks ($32 billion) in capital
investment planned until 1996 will be placed outside Germany
-- in Czechoslovakia, Spain and Portugal, for example.
   The VW chief said he sees corporate investment strategy in
a unified European market being steered by global competition
and the imperative of cost efficiency. "Investment decisions
are being guided by new realities," Mr. Hahn said.
   That's where Poland could come in. Mr. Hahn said VW is
negotiating with Polish officials about setting up auto
production there, but he declined to disclose details. "We
are talking," he said.
   Elsewhere, he said, countries such as Czechoslovakia were
able to create attractive investment conditions almost
overnight. By contrast, a possible investment in Russia "is
in the back of our minds" but not likely soon, Mr. Hahn said.
"First there has to be a functioning industry that can
support an auto plant" with suppliers, he said.