Two More Individuals
   Charged in U.S. Probe
   Of Drug Companies
In a separate case, Padam Bansal, former research director
of Par Pharmaceutical Inc., was charged with obstruction of
justice. Prosecutors said he gave false and misleading
testimony to a grand jury about data submitted by Par to the
FDA to support its application for a hypertension medication,
triamterene with hydrochlorothiazide. Mr. Bansal also is
cooperating, prosecutors said.
   Officials of Pharmaceutical Basics couldn't immediately be
reached for comment. Par, based in Spring Valley, N.Y., is
now the principal unit of Pharmaceutical Resources Inc., a
new parent company formed last year. Officials there said
yesterday that the company has no further criminal liability
in the federal investigation, having made a guilty plea in
December and agreed to pay a $2.5 million fine. They pointed
out that the allegedly false testimony was given by Mr.
Bansal after he had left the company in late 1988.
   John Bushlow, former vice president of manufacturing at
New York-based Vitarine Inc., was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge John R. Hargrove to four months in prison and four
months in a halfway house. He pleaded guilty last October to
fabricating records in connection with an unauthorized
production process for Vitarine's version of the antibiotic
Cephadrine. He also cooperated, prosecutors said.