First Union Emerges
   As a Strong Bidder
   For Georgia Bank
All three banks declined to confirm or deny merger
reports. But banking sources confirmed First Union submitted
a bid and First American hired investment bankers First
Boston Corp. to negotiate the deal.
   First Union spokesman Jeep Bryant said the Charlotte,
N.C., bank, with about $40 billion in assets, has for a long
time sought to merge with existing banks in Atlanta. "Atlanta
is one of many areas in the Southeast where we've targeted
for growth and where an in-market acquisition can provide
significant returns for shareholders," Mr. Bryant said.
   The predecessor of First American Bank of Georgia,
National Bank of Georgia, became entangled in the Bank of
Credit and Commerce International beginning in 1977.
   At that time, National Bank of Georgia owner Bert Lance,
the former federal budget director under President Jimmy
Carter, sold the bank to Ghaith Pharaon, a wealthy investor
whom federal prosecutors allege was a front man for BCCI
Holdings (Luxembourg) S.A.
   The government alleges BCCI lobbied the Georgia
legislature in 1987 to pass an exemption to interstate
banking laws allowing Mr. Pharaon to sell National Bank of
Georgia to a bank outside the region. The buyer, First
American Bankshares Inc. of Washington, also was secretly
owned by BCCI.
   As part of an overall plan to build capital and
concentrate on its Washington market, First American
Bankshares has been trying to sell its Georgia subsidiary.
   First American Bank of Georgia has 54 offices statewide,
with total assets of $1.5 billion and deposits of $1.14
billion at the end of 1990, the most recent figures
available.