Technology  Health:
   NEC Touts New Line
   Of Supercomputers
   As World's Fastest
Analysts described NEC's new model series as an
incremental step up that improves on the circuit design of
the SX-3 series, introduced in April 1989. "This increases
the performance, but it's not a major breakthrough," said
Raul Mendez, director of the Institute for Supercomputing
Research in Tokyo.
   Shipments of the new series will begin in September, and
NEC hopes to sell 80 of the machines in the next four years,
including 30 overseas, company officials said. The machines
will be priced at as much as $30 million for high-end models.
   NEC's announcement adds heat to the duel between NEC and
Cray Research Inc. of the U.S., the world's largest
supercomputer maker, which two months ago introduced its most
powerful and expensive model, the Y-MP C-90.
   Defining the speed and quality of supercomputers has been
a topic of continuing debate between the two companies. NEC
said that in terms of "bursts" of raw central-processing
speed, the new four-processor SX-3 44R model could run up to
25.6 gigaflops, or 25.6 billion floating-point operations,
per second. Cray Research's new model can run up to 24
gigaflops a second at peak performance.
   But Cray Research officials said that on the basis of
critical application benchmarks, its machines outdo NEC's new
series. "The customers look at the sustained performance when
they use the machines," said a Cray Research spokeswoman,
adding that Cray's new model is five times faster than NEC's
in terms of parallel computation speed.
   NEC hopes that its new models will bolster its efforts to
enter the U.S. market. It recently signed an agreement with
Control Data Corp. of Minneapolis to sell NEC-brand computers
in North America and Europe.