Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Decline on Lighter Volume,
   But Advancers Edge Out Decliners
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 13.87 to 3269.45,
while Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index slipped 1.49 to
413.86. The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.48
to 228.75. Advancing Big Board stocks held their lead over
declining stocks all day, however, ending in front by 912810.
Volume moderated to 215,050,000 shares from Wednesday's
240,690,000.
   Part of the problem plaguing investors is the lack of any
consensus in recent reports on various aspects of the
economy. Monday, investors were troubled by February's sharp
drop in consumer confidence, then Wednesday's report on
January factory orders showed surprising strength. Yesterday,
it was reported that initial state unemployment claims for
the week ended Feb. 15 rose 7,000 instead of falling as many
economists had expected. Existing-home sales, meanwhile, fell
1.5% in January.
   "The news goes back and forth, and that is keeping people
on the sidelines," said Joe DeMarco, managing director of
equity trading at H.K. Shanghai Bank's Marinvest unit. The
home-sales report "nicked people's optimism" about the
recovery, he said.
   Many traders had expected market averages to pull back
yesterday, following the recent pattern in which nominal
records set by the Dow Jones Industrial Average are met with
selling the next day. Many smaller stocks followed through on
yesterday's strength, however, even though the indexes fell.
   And despite the widespread ambivalence among investors,
the demand for new stock issues remains strong. Three new
issues received a roaring welcome Wednesday, and HCA-Hospital
Corp. of America, the largest initial public offering of the
year, started trading yesterday.
   HCA-Hospital Corp. rallied 1 5/8 from its offering price
to close at 23 1/8, topping the active list on volume of more
than eight million shares. The hospital management company,
which was taken private in a $5.1 billion leveraged buy-out
in 1989, came public again in a 34 million-share offering
priced late Wednesday at 21 1/2.
   Rao Chalasani, chief market strategist at Kemper
Securities, said the heavy flow of new stock into the market
is keeping a cap on share prices. "While the high level of
liquidity is supporting stocks, high valuations and a lot of
new equity offerings are putting a ceiling on the market," he
said. The market, however, probably will absorb a lot more
stock, he said: "Over half a trillion dollars worth of stock
was taken out of the market in the 1980s, and not even 10%
has been put back in the form of new offerings."
   Wednesday's new issues were Musicland Stores, which rose
5/8 to 16 5/8 yesterday; Coleman, which slipped 1/8 to 25;
and SPS Transaction Services, which rose 3/4 to 18 1/8.
   Warner-Lambert fell 3 7/8 to 65. The Food and Drug
Administration has raised questions that could delay
marketing approval for the company's cholesterol-regulating
drug.
   Some other drug stocks were weak. Glaxo Holdings slipped
1/4 to 28 1/4, Merck eased 1/4 to 158 3/8, Schering-Plough
fell 1 3/8 to 58 3/8, and Pfizer fell 2 7/8 to 73 1/8.
   Syntex, however, rose 3/8 to 49 1/4 after posting a rise
in profit for its second quarter, ended Jan. 31, to 54 cents
a share from 45 cents a share a year earlier.
   Philips jumped 2 7/8 to 20 3/8. The Dutch manufacturing
conglomerate posted 1991 profit of 1.2 billion guilders
($648.1 million), reversing a 4.24 billion guilder loss in
1990.
   ConAgra dropped 2 1/2 to 28. Goldman Sachs lowered its
rating on the stock.
   Heinz dropped 1 1/8 to 39. The stock was hurt by a
front-page article in Investor's Business Daily saying that
competition is squeezing profit margins in Heinz's Weight
Watchers business.
   Cypress Semiconductor added 5/8 to 15 3/4, and U.S. Shoe
rose 1 1/2 to 16 1/2. The stocks were among the top 10 picks
for the 1990s in the premier issue of SmartMoney, The Wall
Street Journal's personal business magazine.
   Homebuilder Lennar jumped 5/8 to 25 1/8. The company,
together with Morgan Stanley Real Estate Fund L.P., was
awarded a portfolio of real estate previously held by
Amerifirst Federal Savings Bank in an auction held by the
Resolution Trust Corp.
   First Brands rose 1 1/8 to 27 5/8. The maker of Prestone
brand antifreeze said it will create a unit devoted to
recycling antifreeze by using proprietary recycling
technology.