Swiss Bank Gets
   Accord for Merger
   Of Options Trader
   ----
   By Jeffrey Taylor
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
O'Connor traders use sophisticated mathematical models and
split-second timing to unleash waves of complicated trades,
which often are tied to major international events such as
the outbreak of the Gulf War.
   Since December 1990, employees of Swiss Bank Corp. and
O'Connor have worked together in an alliance that controls
big shares of international markets in various kinds of
options contracts. Options are instruments that entitle their
holders to buy or sell foreign currencies, bonds and other
securities.
   The O'Connor/Swiss Bank alliance quickly joined the
handful of elite trading operations that dominates the huge
"interbank" over-the-counter options market. In 1991, for
instance, the alliance controlled about 15% of the $6
trillion global market in currency options.
   O'Connor's U.S. stock and stock-index options-trading
operation, however, had been held out of the firm's alliance
with Swiss Bank, which traded mostly currency and
interest-rate contracts. The roots of the secretive Chicago
firm are in equity options, which it began trading in 1977.
The equity division is widely thought to be among the most
profitable at O'Connor, which doesn't disclose profits.
   The new arrangement will merge O'Connor's stock-trading
operation into a subsidiary of Swiss Bank. O'Connor's U.S.
stock-option traders will work together with traders who now
buy and sell U.S. stock options as employees for Swiss Bank.
All these traders will become employees of the new Swiss Bank
subsidiary.
   "The bank intends to develop a very strong presence in the
U. S., including U.S. equities," said Marc L. Berman, general
counsel and general partner with O'Connor.