Business Brief:
   Dayton Hudson Net Falls 18%; Retailer
   Issues Glum Forecast, and Stock Slumps
In a news release, Chairman Kenneth A. Macke said:
"Although sales thus far in the first quarter have been
generally better than anticipated in all our divisions, they
continue to be very promotional." He said he expects the
tough retail climate to continue "for at least part of 1992,"
noting that Dayton Hudson is planning "very conservatively"
for spring while reducing expense rates in each of its
divisions.
   The gloomy earnings and forecast help explain the
company's announcement earlier this week that is eliminating
630 jobs, nearly half of them management posts, in its
department store division.
   For the quarter ended Feb. 1, Dayton Hudson posted what it
called "disappointing" net income of $192 million, or $2.60 a
primary share, compared with $235 million, or $3.21 a primary
share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 7.9% to $5.25 billion
from $4.87 billion, but sales at stores open at least a year
-- a key retail indicator -- inched up only 1%.
   The latest results include a credit of $70 million, or 59
cents a share, for adjusting inventories for inflation. In
the year-earlier period, the credit was $3 million, or three
cents a share.
   For the year, net plunged 27% to $301 million, or $3.86 a
primary share, from $412 million, or $5.44 a primary share.
Revenue rose 9% to $16.12 billion from $14.74 billion.
Same-store sales rose 2%.
   Full-year operating profit from Target discount stores,
which in mid-1991 lowered prices on a broad range of goods
and vowed to stay competitive, slipped nearly 2% to $458
million from $466 million. Revenue rose 11% to $9.04 billion
from $8.18 billion, reflecting what the company called the
"success" of its so-called "value strategy" and new store
openings. Same-store sales rose 4%.