New Securities Issues
Security Pacific Corp. -- $150 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 15, 1995, was priced as 6 7/8% at 99.84 to yield 6.937%.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 115 basis
points above the Treasury's three-year note. Rated single-A-3
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-minus by
Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
   Merrill Lynch  Co. -- $250 million issue of floating rate
notes, due March 22, 1993, was priced to float monthly at a
spread of 10 basis points above the Federal Reserve's 30-day
Double-A Commercial Paper Index. The noncallable notes pay
interest monthly. The first interest payment will be March
22. Rated single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the
issue will be sold through underwriters at Merrill Lynch.
   Merrill Lynch  Co. -- $175 million issue of senior notes,
due March 1, 1999, was priced as 7 3/4% at 99.290 to yield
7.884%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 85
basis points above the comparable Treasury. Rated single-A-1
by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
   Norfolk Southern Corp. -- $250 million issue of notes, due
Feb. 15, 2004, was priced as 7 7/8% at 99.467 to yield
7.945%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 53
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
double-A-3 by Moody's and double-A by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
   General Electric Capital Corp. -- A $200 million issue of
amortizing notes, due March 15, 1997, was priced at par to
yield 6.20%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of
41 basis points above the Treasury's three-year note. The
issue has a weighted average life of 3.05 years. Rated
triple-A by both Moody's and SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. -- $500 million issue of Morgan
Guaranty Trust Co. of New York senior bank notes, due Feb.
26, 1993, was priced initially at par to yield 4.35%. The
noncallable notes will be reoffered at various prices. The
notes were priced at a spread of 68 basis points above the
bond equivalent yield on the Treasury's one-year bill. Rated
triple-A by both Moody's and by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   General Mills Inc. -- $100 million issue of amortizing
medium-term notes, due March 15, 1997, was priced at par to
yield 6.235%. The noncallable note issue, which has a
weighted average life of 3.05 years, was priced at a spread
of 45 basis points above the Treasury's three-year note.
Rated single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the
issue will be sold through Goldman Sachs.
   Atlantic Richfield Co. -- $200 million issue of
debentures, due March 1, 2032, was priced at par to yield
8.75%. The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of
83 basis points over the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A-plus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Republic New York Corp. -- $100 million issue of
cumulative fixed-rate perpetual preferred stock was priced
through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc. The four
million shares of $25-a-share preferred was priced with a
dividend rate of 7.75%. The issue is rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and single-A-plus by SP.
   Somatix Therapy Corp. -- An issue of three million common
shares was priced at $11.50 a share through underwriters led
by Robertson Stephens  Co.
   Baltimore Gas  Electric Co. -- An issue of 4.5 million
common shares was priced at $31.50 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch.
   American Business Information Inc. -- Initial public
offering of three million common shares at $11.50 each. The
company offered two million shares, and existing shareholders
offered one million shares. After the offering, the company
will have 13,754,000 shares outstanding. The offering is
co-managed by Hambrecht  Quist Inc., Robinson-Humphrey Co.
and Piper, Jaffray  Hopwood Inc. The underwirters have been
granted an option to buy as much as an additional 450,000
shares to cover overallotments.
   Ambac Indemnity Corp. -- 17.4 million common shares were
priced at $31.75 a share through underwriters led by Morgan
Stanley  Co.
   BWIP Holding Inc. -- Secondary public offering of
5,500,000 class A common shares was priced at $24.50 a share.
Of the shares, 4.4 million are being offered in the U.S. and
1.1 million are being offered in a concurrent international
offering. Goldman Sachs and Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette
Securities are managing the offering. All of the shares being
offered are being sold by holders. The Clayton  Dubilier
Private Equity Fund II L.P. will sell 4,630,000 shares,
certain management investors will sell about 450,000 shares,
and certain institutional investors will sell about 420,000
shares. The underwriters have been granted overallotment
options by certain holders to purchase as many as 825,000
additional shares.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Wisconsin -- $450 million general obligation refunding
bonds, due May 1, 1994-2015, were tentatively priced by a
Bear, Stearns  Co. group to yield from 4.20% in 1994 to
6.55% in 2011-2015. Bonds maturing in 2006-2010 are not
formally reoffered to investors. The bonds are noncallable.
Ratings of double-A are expected from both Moody's and from
SP.
   Greensboro, N.C. -- $71.6 million various improvement
general obligation bonds, Series 1992, due 1994-2012,
apparently were won by a Wachovia Bank  Trust Co. group with
a bid setting the net interest cost at 6.191%. The bonds,
rated double-A-1 by Moody's and triple-A by SP, were priced
for reoffering to yield from 4% in 1994 to 6.50% in 2011 and
2012.
   Roanoke Industrial Development Authority, Va. -- $55
million variable rated demand hospital revenue bonds, Series
1992 A, (Carilion Health System issue), due July 1, 2017,
were tentatively priced by a J.P. Morgan Securities group to
yield 2.40%. The bonds are priced as 2.40% at par. The
interest rate on the bonds will be reset daily. The bonds
carry long-term and short-term ratings of triple-A/VMIG-1
from Moody's and triple-A/single-A-1-plus from SP.
   California -- $1.39 billion various purpose general
obligation bonds, due Sept. 1, 1993-2009, and 2012,
apparently were won by a Goldman Sachs group with a bid
setting the true interest cost at 6.162%. The bonds, rated
double-A-1 by Moody's, double-A by SP, and double-A-plus by
Fitch Investors Service Inc., were priced for reoffering to
yield from 3.25% in 1993 to 6.50% in 2009 and 2012. Current
interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 3.25% in 1993
to 6.50% in 2009. There are about $219 million term bonds
priced as 6 1/4% at 97.19 to yield 6.50% in 2012.
   Indiana Transportation Authority -- $74 million highway
revenue bonds, Series 1992 A, due Dec. 1, 1995-2002, 2007 and
2016, were tentatively priced by a First Boston group to
yield from 4.90% in 1995 to 6.85% in 2016. Current interest
serial bonds are priced to yield from 4.90% in 1995 to 6.25%
in 2002. There are $15 million term bonds priced as 6.63% at
99.26 to yield 6.70% in 2007. There are $42.6 million term
bonds priced as 6.63% at 97.32 to yield 6.85% in 2016. The
bonds are rated Conditional single-A-1 by Moody's. A rating
of single-A-plus is expected from SP.
   Municipal Assistance Corp. for the City of New York --
$391.9 million revenue bonds, Series B, due July 15, 1992 and
Jan. 15, and July 15, 1993 and 1994, were tentatively priced
by a First Boston group to yield from 3.50% in 1993 to 4.35%
in 1994. Bonds maturing in 1992, Jan. 15, 1993, and Jan. 15,
1994, are not formally reoffered to investors. Bonds maturing
in July 15, 1993, are priced as 3.50% at par. Bonds maturing
July 15, 1994, are priced as 4.35% at par. A rating of VMIG-1
is expected from by Moody's and a rating of F-1 is expected
from Fitch.
                                                                                                       

                        OTHER U.S.
                                                                                                       

   Montana Higher Education Student Assistance Corp. --
$155.1 million student loan revenue bonds, Series 1992 A and
B, due June 1 and Dec. 1, 1992-2000, and 2001 and 2004, were
tentatively priced by a Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
group to yield from 4.25% in 1992 to 7.10% in 2004. Series A
consists of $26.2 million bonds due 1992-2000 and 2001.
Current interest serial bonds are priced at par to yield from
4.25% in 1992 to 6.60% in 2000. There are $2.66 million term
bonds priced as 6.70% at par in 2001. Series B consists of
$129 million bonds due 1992-2000 and 2004. Current interest
serial bonds are priced at par to yield from 4.50% in 1992 to
6.75% in 2000. There are $24.65 million term bonds priced as
7.10% at par in 2004. The bonds are rated single-A by
Moody's. The bonds are not rated by SP. Interest on the
Series B bonds will be treated as a preference item in
calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be
imposed on certain investors.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Victoria Public Authority Finance Agency (Vicfin)
(Australia) -- $300 million of Eurobonds due Jan. 15, 2002,
as 8 1/4% at a fixed initial offer price of 99.25, via Morgan
Stanley International. Spread of 0.76 point above the
comparable Treasury. Guaranteed by the government of
Victoria. Fees 0.40.
   Osterreichische Kontrollbank (Austria) -- 500 billion
Italian lire (redemption amount) of zero-coupon Eurobonds due
March 25, 2002, at an issue price of 35.95 via Paribas
Capital Markets Ltd. Reoffered at 34.90 to yield 11.10%.
Guaranteed by the republic of Austria. Fees 1 1/4.
   Nacional Financiera (Mexico) -- 100 million European
currency units of 10 1/4% Eurobonds due March 11, 1997, at
issue price 100 3/4 via Swiss Bank Corp. Reoffered at 99 7/8
to yield 10.28%. Deemed in default if at any time during the
life of the issue the Mexican government ceases to own at
least 51% of the borrower. Fees 1 7/8.
   Credit National (France) -- 600 million francs of 8.40%
Eurobonds due April 29, 2003, at an issue and reoffering
price of 99.70 via Societe Generale. Investors have the
option to receive coupon payments in the form of more bonds
or in cash. There is a minimum yield of 8.43%, a spread that
is seven basis points below the yield of the French
government issue due in 2004. Fees 0.35.
   Asia Motors Co. (South Korea) -- 70 million Swiss francs
of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31, 1996 with
a fixed 4% coupon at par, via Swiss Bank Corp. Put option on
June 30, 1994 at 111 3/8 to yield 8.62%. Each 50,000 Swiss
franc note is convertible from March 19, 1992, to Dec. 17,
1996, at a 10 1/2% premium over the closing share price
tomorrow, when terms are fixed. Fees undisclosed.