Philadelphia Fed Poll
   Says Manufacturing
   In February Is Steady
While there was little change in shipment patterns, about
33% reported increased new orders; while about 20% saw fewer
new orders, for an index of 13. The index indicates the
percentage of respondents reporting an increase, less the
percentage showing a decrease.
   The monthly business outlook survey measures responses
from 60 to 100 manufacturing companies with at least 350
employees in eastern Pennsylvania, Delaware and southern New
Jersey. The index for unfilled orders, while still a negative
2.8 in February, substantially improved from a negative 23.5
in January. About 20% of those polled reported an increase in
unfilled orders for February, compared with just 7% in
January.
   The employment picture continued to be bleak, with nearly
64% reporting no changes in February, 27% reporting a
reduction, and only 8% expecting to hire more workers in
February.
   Prices for manufactured goods are being constrained by
weak demand and competition, the survey found. The index of
prices received remains near its lowest level in the 24-year
history of the series. About 79% of survey respondents
reported no change in prices, while 19% reported price
decreases.
   Only 14% of the manufacturers reported paying higher
prices for raw materials and other items.
   Respondents do expect conditions to improve within the
next six months. About 69% of respondents expect improvement
in manufacturing activity.