Economy:
   Inventories Rose
   0.2% in November,
   U.S. Data Show
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The ratio of inventories to sales remained at 1.50 in
November, meaning it will take businesses an average of 1.5
months to run through current stockpiles. But Gordon
Richards, economist for the National Association of
Manufacturers, says such stability may not be a welcome sign.
   The reason: In November, consumers' income dropped while
their spending rose rapidly, suggesting that inventories
should have dropped relative to sales. The fact that they
didn't "suggests that business is having trouble controlling
inventories and that stocks may be overbuilt," Mr. Richards
said.
   That, coupled with recent reports of slumping retail sales
in December, could mean an "inventory overhang" in the next
few months, said Alan Levenson, industrial economist for WEFA
Group in suburban Philadelphia. "That makes me less
optimistic about production prospects in the current
quarter."
   On the wholesale level, inventories of durable goods
increased in November, mainly due to autos and electrical
equipment. On the retail level, non-auto inventories rose,
mostly apparel.
   If businesses feel their inventory levels are too high,
they tend to curtail their purchases, Mr. Levenson said,
causing production slowdowns in an already stagnant economy.
   All figures have been adjusted for normal seasonal
variations.
   ---
                   BUSINESS INVENTORIES
                                                                                                       

   Here is a summary of the Commerce Department's report on
business inventories and sales in November. The figures are
in billions of dollars, seasonally adjusted:
                                                                                                       

                                   Nov.     Oct.     Nov.
                                   1991     1991     1990
                                                                                                       

 Total business inventories .....  814.29   813.02   830.86
   Manufacturers ................  377.98   378.06   392.37
   Retailers ....................  242.16   241.96   243.50
   Wholesalers ..................  194.15   193.01   194.98
                                                                                                       

 Total business sales ...........  543.55   542.98   546.53
                                                                                                       

 Inventory/sales ratio ..........    1.50     1.50     1.52