Three Guilds Express
   Concern Over Carolco
   Residual Payments
In a statement, the Screen Actors Guild, the Writer's
Guild of America, West, and the Director's Guild of America
said that Carolco has "declined to cooperate sufficiently"
with them to resolve the matter and urged its members to
"proceed with caution" in dealing with Carolco.
   All three guilds have contracts with the major film
producers, which include Carolco, which call for "residual"
payments to compensate actors, writers and directors when the
films and TV shows they've worked on are shown on television,
home video, overseas and the like.
   Writer's Guild spokesman Chuck Warn said that after weeks
of negotiations, Carolco suddenly declined to provide
documentation it had promised. Carolco has maintained it owes
$2.3 million in payments for the third and fourth quarters of
last year, but the guilds say they need to verify this.
   In a statement, Carolco responded: "The company has
attempted to be as cooperative as possible with the various
guilds. As everyone knows, when the process of financial
restructuring is completed, everyone will benefit."
   Carolco, despite its production of the hit film
"Terminator 2" and others, has been undergoing a major cash
crunch since last year, slashing overhead and negotiating a
bailout by its foreign partners, which include Pioneer
Electronic Corp. of Japan; a unit of Canal S.A. of France;
and RCS Video International Services B.V., an affiliate of
Rizzoli Corriere della Sera Group. An individual close to the
company said Carolco had assured the guilds that payment
would be made as soon as the restructuring was completed,
which the individual said would be "very soon."