Tuesday's Markets:
   Stock Prices
   Close 1991
   On a Record
   ---
   Bonds Continue Gain,
   But Dollar Falls Off;
   Industrials Hit 3168.83
   ----
   By Douglas R. Sease
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Broader averages did better, both for the day and the
year. Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained 1.95 points to
a record 417.09. For the year, the S&P was up 86.87 points,
or 26%. And the Nasdaq Composite Index, a measure of
small-stock prices, climbed 6.59 points to a record 586.34.
That left the Nasdaq with a smashing 1991 gain of 212.5
points, or 56.8%.
   With Tuesday's modest gains, the Dow Jones industrials
have risen 255.59 points since the Christmas rally began Dec.
20. That's when the Federal Reserve steeply slashed
short-term interest rates, convincing many investors that an
economic recovery is nearly certain in coming months.
   But trading was hectic throughout the day, with prices
dipping and soaring in response to computer-guided program
trades as investors made last-minute changes to portfolios.
Despite the modest gains for the day, many analysts said the
stock market's powerful upward momentum remains solidly in
place for the new year.
   But others who aren't convinced that an economic recovery
is imminent in 1992 took advantage of the high prices to
place sell orders. Indeed, rumors in the market Tuesday said
more sell orders are pending for execution today.
   Bond prices continued to reflect expectations in that
market that inflation -- if not the entire U.S. economy --
will remain subdued in coming months. The government reported
Tuesday that its index of leading economic indicators was
down 0.3% in November. New home sales remained flat in
November despite the lowest mortgage rates in more than a
decade.
   Bond traders expect the National Association of Purchasing
Management today to report that its index of business
activity for December fell to 48.2% from 50.1% in November. A
reading below 50% indicates that the manufacturing economy is
contracting.
   With U.S. interest rates low and apparently headed lower
in 1992, the dollar continued to retreat in light holiday
trading. As 1991 waned, interest rates abroad rose. Higher
rates tend to make a currency more attractive to
international investors.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices were up in heavy trading. Volume on the New
York Stock Exchange totaled 247.7 million shares. Advancing
issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 1,247 to 612.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices rose. The Treasury's benchmark 30-year issue
gained nearly 5/8 of a point, or almost $6.25 for each $1,000
face amount. The yield on the issue fell to 7.39%, the lowest
yield in five years.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar was off. In late New York trading the currency
was quoted at 1.5170 marks and 124.85 yen compared with
1.5193 marks and 125.55 yen Monday.