Flagship Financial
   Gets a New Suitor;
   Bank's Shares Climb
Flagship said its board is evaluating a proposal from a
financial institution as well as a "previously received
proposal," but didn't mention Sovereign. Both acquisition
bids are subject to due-diligence studies and approvals by
regulators and stockholders. The bank company's shares, which
closed Friday afternoon before Sovereign's announcement, rose
$1 to close at $10 in New York Stock Exchange composite
trading.
   Sovereign said it remains interested in completing a
combination with Flagship but indicated its reluctance to
sweeten its bid, a stock transaction valued at $39.8 million,
or $11.50 a share. "We are unable to significantly increase
our initial offer of $11.50 since we believe we may be unable
to overcome the dilution created by this acquisition," said
Jay S. Sidhu, president and chief executive officer. "Based
on this current development, we have to keep our options
open, including RTC acquisitions."
   The latest announcement by Sovereign marks the third time
the company has tried and failed to buy Flagship. The parent
of Penn Savings Bank and Bank of Princeton had been
negotiating with Flagship since February, but talks broke
down when the parties couldn't come to terms on pricing.
Flagship operates through its two units, First American
Savings and Brandywine Savings Bank in southeastern
Pennsylvania.