Newmark & Lewis
   Seeks an Investor
   Or Buyer for Chain
   ----
   By Robert J. Brennan
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
Newmark & Lewis filed for Chapter 11 protection from
creditors last August, shutting more than half its stores by
September. It said it decided on seeking a buyer or investor
in consultation with its unsecured creditors, and has
circulated an offering memorandum "to interested parties
knowledgeable of the industry." Mr. Fleisher said about 100
copies of the memorandum were sent to other similar retailers
around the U.S.
   Mr. Fleisher said the information in the memorandum is
confidential, and wouldn't elaborate about who specifically
might be interested.
   Terrence McEvoy, a retailing analyst at Janney Montgomery
Scott Inc., said any expression of interest would more likely
come from nearby competitors, such as P.C. Richard & Son, a
Long Island, N.Y., appliance and electronics chain or Nobody
Beats the Wiz, a New York electronics chain. But "beyond
that, it's pretty slim pickings" for finding anyone who'd be
interested. He said the chains specializing in so-called
superstores, such as Circuit City Stores Inc., based in
Richmond, Va., wouldn't be interested in Newmark & Lewis's
small stores.
   As reported previously, the company last week said it
would close 12 stores and post a loss for its fiscal fourth
quarter ending Jan. 31. It said the further closings were
necessary to stay viable for the next few months, a weak
period for its retailing sector. But Mr. McEvoy said the
company will remain very dependent on the direction of the
economy.
   In the previous fiscal year, it posted a loss of $8
million, or $1.42 a share, on revenue of $293.8 million.