New Stock Listings
The Big Board began trading the following initial
offerings last week: Burlington Industries Equity Inc.,
Greensboro, N.C., a maker of textile products, under BUR;
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio, Chicago, an
investment company, under NXP; American Income Holding Inc.,
Waco, Texas, an insurance holding company, under AIH.
   The following four closed-end management funds, based in
Plainsboro, N.J., began trading on Big Board last week as
initial offerings: MuniYield California Fund Inc., under MYC;
MuniYield Florida Fund Inc., under MYF; MuniYield Michigan
Fund Inc., under MYM; and MuniYield New York Insured Fund
Inc., under MYN.
   The Big Board also listed the following issues, which
previously traded over the counter: Alex. Brown Inc.,
Baltimore, a securities company, under AB; and Clarcor Inc.,
Rockford, Ill., a maker of filtration and consumer products,
under CLC. Hubbell Inc., Orange, Conn., a maker of electrical
and electronic products, which previously traded on the
American Stock Exchange, will begin trading on the Big Board
Wednesday under HUB.A and HUB.B.
                                                                                                       

   The national market system of the over-the-counter market
began trading the following initial offerings: American
Online Inc., Vienna, Va., a provider of online computer
services, under AMER; Curaflex Health Services Inc., Rancho
Cucamonga, Calif., a home infusion therapy and related
services concern, under CFLX; First Western Corp.,
Scottsdale, Ariz., a loan servicing and mortgage bank holding
company, under FWCO; Fred's Inc., Memphis, Tenn., a general
merchandise store chain, under FRED; Lincare Holdings Inc.,
St. Petersburg, Fla., an oxygen and respiratory therapy
services concern, under LNCR; Summit Care Corp., Burbank,
Calif., a health care services concern, under SUMC; Telio
Pharmaceuticals Inc., San Diego, a biopharmaceutical concern,
under TLIO; Triconex Corp., Irvine, Calif., a maker of safety
and control systems, under TCNX; USA Truck Inc., Van Buren,
Ark., a general commodities trucking carrier; under USAK;
Back Bay Restaurant Group Inc., Boston, a restaurant chain,
under PAPA; Cellcor Inc., Newton, Mass., a biotechnology
company, under CLTX; Health o meter Products Inc.,
Bridgeview, Ill., a maker of consumer, medical and office
scales, under SCAL; and SciClone Pharmaceuticals Inc., San
Mateo, Calif., a pharmaceuticals company, common under SCLN,
and warrants under SCLNW.
   Also on the national market system, Veterinary Centers of
America Inc., Santa Monica, Calif., a veterinary hospital and
clinical laboratory chain, which previously traded on the
Amex, has begun trading common under VCAI, and warrants under
VCAIW.
                                                                                                       

   The Chicago Board Options Exchange began trading options
on the following stocks last week: Read-Rite Corp., Milpitas,
Calif., a supplier of magnetic recording heads for Winchester
disk drives; Atlantic Southeast Airlines Inc., College Park,
Ga., a regional air carrier; Best Buy Co., Bloomington,
Minn., a consumer electronics and major appliance retailer;
Merisel Inc., El Segundo, Calif., a distributor of
microcomputer hardware and software products concern;
Trimedyne Inc., a maker of thermal and cold lasers and laser
delivery systems; Healthtrust Inc.-The Hospital Co.,
Nashville, Tenn., a hospital management company; and Perrigo
Co., Allegan, Mich., a maker of over-the-counter
pharmaceuticals and personal care products.
                                                                                                       

   The CBOE will begin trading options tomorrow on
Owens-Illinois Inc., Toledo, Ohio, a maker of packaging
products and glass containers.
                                                                                                       

   The Pacific Stock Exchange begins trading options today on
Read-Rite Corp.