McDonald's Corp.
   Profit Grew 7.6%
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Richard Gibson
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Domestic-store business improved in the fourth quarter,
spurred partly by a popular Indiana Jones videotape
promotion. Operating margins at company stores rose to 18%
from 16.8% a year earlier. McDonald's said many international
markets posted "excellent" results, which were damped by
currency translations.
   Despite the recent improvement, which had been expected,
McDonald's stock tumbled $1.25 a share, to $42.25, in late
New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday.
   Full-year net rose 7.1% to $859.6 million, or $2.35 a
share, from $802.3 million, or $2.20 a share, in 1990.
Revenue rose 1% to $6.7 billion from $6.64 billion, while
systemwide sales grew 6% to $19.9 billion. Part of that
difference resulted from the continued sale of company stores
to franchisees, which cuts revenue but adds to McDonald's
operating profit. U.S. operating profit hit $1 billion for
the first time.
   Breaking a pattern, the Oak Brook, Ill., company offered
no forecast for the near term and no individual executive was
quoted in the news release accompanying the earnings figures.
In last year's report, Chief Financial Officer Jack M.
Greenberg correctly predicted 1991 would be "tougher in the
U.S. than 1990."
   The $1.17 billion gain in systemwide sales last year was
the smallest since 1985. The $55.4 million revenue rise was
1/10th the year-ago gain and the smallest in at least a
decade. The net income dollar growth was the lowest since
1986.
   McDonald's attributed the increase in systemwide sales for
last year to new restaurant expansion and higher sales at
existing stores outside the U.S. Sales in Japan, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, the Netherlands, Australia, Switzerland
and Latin America as a group were particularly strong, the
company said.
   But indicative of economic sluggishness in many countries,
McDonald's added 26 fewer restaurants last year than in 1990,
opening 615. Two-thirds were outside the U.S. At year end
there were 12,418 McDonald's stores world-wide.