Dycom Faces Suit
   By Holders Alleging
   Inflation of Results
The complaint, which was filed last Friday and seeks
class-action status, also names Thomas R. Pledger, Dycom's
chairman; Robert Owens, the chief financial officer; and
William T. Stover, who until last week was Dycom's president
and chief operating officer. It seeks unspecified damages and
expenses. An earlier suit focused largely on Dycom's
restatement of its second-quarter earnings last year, due to
its accounting for a self-insurance program.
   Mr. Pledger, chairman of Dycom, a telecommunications
concern based in West Palm Beach, Fla., said the company is
reviewing the allegations and couldn't comment.
   The amended suit comes as Dycom is embroiled in a fight
with a shareholder group -- including Dycom's recently fired
president, Mr. Stover -- which agreed to sell a 9.9% stake in
Dycom to rival Burnup  Sims, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.,
telecommunications company. Mr. Stover was fired last week by
Dycom's board and suspended with pay from his duties as
president of the company's Ansco  Associates Inc. unit after
he agreed to the stock sale to rival Burnup  Sims and
publicly criticized Dycom's Mr. Pledger. Mr. Stover remains a
director and shareholder.
   Burnup  Sims Inc. said last month it was purchasing the
Dycom stake as a first step in a plan to acquire the company.
However, it has yet to make a formal proposal.