Former First Investors
   Official Baysee Settles
   Civil Suit With SEC
Mr. Bayse, who was manager of junkbond funds for First
Investors Management Co., was accused by the SEC of having
been offered and having taken a personal stake in a Drexel
Burnham Lambert Inc. partnership in return for buying
securities underwritten by Drexel for the funds he managed.
Mr. Bayse invested $8,800 in Drexel's MacPherson Investment
Partners L.P., which invested indirectly in warrants in
connection with the 1985 Storer Communications Inc. leveraged
buy-out, which was underwritten by Drexel.
   In addition, Mr. Bayse was accused of trading for his
personal accounts on insider information related to the
merger of Republic Airlines Inc. and Northwest Airlines. Mr.
Bayse, the suit states, also didn't disclose the existence of
three personal brokerage accounts with First Investors.
   An SEC spokesman said that under a 1989 agreement with
First Investors, Mr. Bayse has returned to the company the
$54,700 net profit generated by his undisclosed trading and
$588,000, the value of his MacPherson stake. The profits were
put into the First Investors funds that he had managed, the
spokesman said. Mr. Bayse left the company in 1989.
   The spokesman declined to comment on whether the suit
against Mr. Bayse was part of a wider SEC probe of First
Investors, which had been the subject of investigations by
several state securities agencies over the firm's sales
practices.
   Mr. Bayse couldn't be reached for comment.