Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices End Higher as Long Maturities Get
   Lift From Speculation About Curtailed Offerings
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell and Kevin Donovan
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The subject has triggered a storm of controversy in New
York and Washington. While many academic economists and
members of Congress are pushing the idea, some bond dealers
were highly critical of it. Among other things, they said the
Treasury shouldn't speculate on interestrate changes. Some
dealers contend that such a strategy could backfire if
interest rates suddenly shot up.
   The prospect that the Treasury may reduce issuance of
long-term bonds "gave {the market} a bit of a pop," which
held for most of the day, said Dan Seto, an economist at
Nikko Securities Co. International.
   The bond market's bellwether security, the Treasury's
30-year bond, rose 5/8 point yesterday, a gain of $6.25 for a
bond with a $1,000 face amount. The issue's yield, which
moves in the opposite direction of its price, eased to 7.43%.
   Meanwhile, brisker-than-projected late-December car sales
did little to blunt the bullish bias in the fixed-income
markets. Domestic cars sold at a seasonally adjusted annual
pace of 7.1 million vehicles in the last 10 days of December.
That was the strongest pace since early July, when auto
makers hoped the economy was on the road to recovery, and
well above the domestic sales pace of 5.9 million cars for
the entire month.
   A Dow Jones Capital Markets Report survey of economists
had shown an expected annual selling pace of 5.9 million
units for late December, compared with 5.2 million in
mid-December and 5.4 million in early December.
   Market participants expect economic and inflation data
this week to support the view that interest rates are headed
lower.
   "The conventional wisdom is that we're going to see
relatively benign inflation numbers and that the employment
report will be favorable to the market," says William
Brachfeld, executive vice president at Daiwa Securities
America Inc.
   The first government data for December will be the
producer price index report on Thursday, rather than the
employment report, which will be released Friday. The
employment report, usually released the first Friday of the
month, was delayed this time by the midweek New Year's Day
holiday.
   Early expectations are that the PPI was unchanged in
December and that nonfarm payrolls declined, though not
nearly as much as the 241,000 drop in November.
   As eagerly awaited as the data will be Federal Reserve
Board Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony Friday afternoon
before a joint meeting of the Senate Banking and Budget
committees. Mr. Greenspan will testify on the state of the
economy, it was announced yesterday.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate & Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   It was a busy day for new corporate bonds, as more than $1
billion of new bonds and notes was sold. Large corporations,
many of them finance concerns, continued to be motivated by
attractive interest rates.
   Among the biggest borrowers were Ford Motor Credit Co., a
unit of Ford Motor Co., and Associates Corp. of North
America, another Ford subsidiary. The two were responsible
for $700 million of the debt sold yesterday, as Associates
Corp. offered $300 million of five-year notes priced to yield
6.965% and Ford Motor Credit sold $400 million of seven-year
notes yielding 8%.
   Tom Weaver, manager of funding operations for Ford Motor
Credit, said the company decided to sell seven-year notes
because that's "where we saw the most demand for securities."
Proceeds from the Ford Motor Credit sale will be used for
general corporate purposes.
   Other issuers included CBS Inc., which offered $150
million of 10-year notes yielding 7.66%. The note sale marks
the first non-convertible debt offering by CBS since 1985.
Proceeds will be used primarily for funding the company's
purchase of almost all assets of Midwest Communications Inc.
   Patricia Zlotin, executive vice president at Massachusetts
Financial Services Co., said investors will find a number of
attractive buying opportunities in the corporate sector in
the coming weeks.
   "Obviously, this quarter any company with a brain is going
to finance, and you are going to have a good opportunity to
get good names at reasonable prices," said Ms. Zlotin.
   To do well, however, she said investors will have to pick
and choose. "We are thinking that in 1992, with interest
rates as low as they are, you are going to make most of your
money by sector selection," she said.
   In trading, prices of investment-grade corporate debt
ended 1/4 to 3/8 point higher. Junk bonds rallied strongly,
advancing by 1/2 to 3/4 point on average.
   With yields on government bonds at such low levels, many
investors are seeking other investments, including junk
bonds, to fatten the returns on their portfolios.
   That has helped junk bonds continue to rise even though
some analysts say the securities are now overvalued.
   Among the gainers were high-risk, high-yield bonds of
Memorex Telex N.V., which rose after the struggling computer
concern said it filed a prepackaged plan of reorganization in
federal court in Wilmington, Del. Memorex Telex also said it
received court approval for the $85 million in financing
contemplated in the reorganization plan. Memorex Telex, based
in the Netherlands, has many of its operations in the U.S.
   Even though junk bond dealers said few of the company's
bonds traded, bids on the securities rose as buyers emerged
-- apparently betting that after a restructuring, the bonds
will be worth more than the current price. Memorex Telex's
13.25% senior guaranteed notes, due in 1996, climbed one
point to end at a bid price of 48.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended higher on speculation that the Treasury
may reduce issuance of long-term bonds. The benchmark 30-year
ended at a price of 106 23/32 to yield 7.43% compared with
106 3/32 to yield 7.48% on Friday. Ten-year notes ended at
104 28/32 to yield 6.79% compared with 104 21/32 to yield
6.82% Friday.
   The Treasury sold $20.57 billion of shortterm bills at its
regular weekly auction. The average discount rate for
three-month bills was 3.85% and the average discount rate for
six-month bills was 3.86%. Those rates were down from last
week's auction, when they were 3.91% and 3.91%, respectively.
                                                                                                       

   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                 13-Week         26-Week
                                                                                                       

 Applications ............. $43,349,025,000  $47,922,670,000
 Accepted bids ............ $10,261,890,000  $10,308,005,000
 Accepted at low price ....             32%              42%
 Accepted noncompet'ly ....  $1,675,440,000   $1,140,830,000
 Average price (Rate) .....  99.027 (3.85%)   98.049 (3.86%)
 High price (Rate) ........  99.029 (3.84%)   98.054 (3.85%)
 Low price (Rate) .........  99.027 (3.85%)   98.049 (3.86%)
 Coupon equivalent ........           3.95%               4%
 CUSIP number .............       912794YH1        912794ZC1
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated Jan. 9, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature April 9, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature July 9,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Municipal bonds ended as much as 5/8 higher, and the first
sizable new issue offerings of 1992 fared well with
investors.
   Meanwhile, New York State appropriation-backed bonds
showed virtually no reaction to news that Moody's Investors
Service Inc. had lowered the rating on the bonds to Baa-1
from single-A. About $14.2 billion of debt is affected by the
downgrade.
   Among seasoned names, Texas' Alliance Airport Authority's
7% issues of 2011 finished 5/8 higher at 99 1/8 to yield
7.07%.
   Among new issues, demand was so strong for an offering of
$429.81 million Tarrant County, Texas, Water Control and
Improvement District No. 1 water revenue refunding and
improvement bonds that underwriters at Merrill Lynch & Co.
are expected to reprice the offer to lower yields slightly,
several dealers said.
   As tentatively priced, the bonds yield from 3.80% in 1993
to 6.40% in 2009.
   The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by
Standard & Poor's Corp. A portion of the offering totaling
about $117.82 million is insured by AMBAC Indemnity Corp. and
rated triple-A by both Moody's and S&P.
   Late yesterday, dealers reported that virtually no New
York state appropriationbacked bonds traded in the market
after Moody's lowered the bond ratings. But when trading
resumes today, yields on some New York state
appropriation-backed bonds could initially rise as much as
0.10 percentage point, if investors panic, some dealers
speculated.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage & Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities ended higher.
   In new issuance of real estate mortgage investment
conduits, Nikko Securities Co. International offered a $300.6
million Federal National Mortgage Association Remic, series
1992-G13, backed by 9% Government National Mortgage
Association securities.
   Mortgage securities were bolstered by bidding for issues
to back a variety of expected Remics. These are seen backed
by 15-year mortgage securities as well as a range of 30-year
mortgage securities with coupons spanning 7.5% to 10%.
   Among actively traded issues, Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corp. 9.5% securities for January delivery were up 4/32 at
106 12/32 and Fannie Mae 9.5% issues were 5/32 higher at 106
15/32. The 8% and 8.5% securities from these two agencies
were all up 5/32, another sign of collateral purchases for
new Remics, traders said.
   Current coupon 7.5% mortgage securities didn't fare as
well. Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae 7.5% issues for January
delivery eked out marginal 1/32 gains to stand at 99 21/32
and 99 17/32, respectively.