International:
   Parker Pen UK Says
   It Seeks an Acquirer
   6 Years After Buyout
Mr. Margry, other company managers and investors bought
Parker Pen in 1986 for $100 million from Manpower Inc., a
Milwaukee-based employment services company.
   The 104-year-old company sells a total of about 50 million
pens a year in 120 countries. Gerry Grimstone, an adviser who
is handling the sale, said Parker could fetch as much as $540
million.
   Schroder Ventures, an investment unit of Schroders PLC,
holds a 36% stake in the company, management owns 26%, the
Parker family has 16%, and other investors hold the rest, Mr.
Margry said.
   "Some of our original investors want to realize their
gain," Margry said. "Venture capital is usually short-term
capital. We are very grateful that they gave us their
support."
   Mr. Grimstone, who works for Schroder Wagg, a Schroders
unit, said the sale process is just beginning. Parker Pen is
looking for an international products company that could
enhance the strength of its brand names and their
international distribution, Mr. Grimstone said. He declined
to specify any timetable for the sale.
   Parker Pen flourished under its current owners, as its
strategy of focusing on the higher end of the market paid
off. Twenty percent of its unit sales are currently in more
expensive pens, compared with 5% in 1985, Mr. Margry said.
   The company is expected to make an operating profit of $61
million on revenue of $322 million this year, Mr. Grimstone
said. That compares with a pretax loss of $17.9 million on
revenue of $206 million in 1985, Mr. Margry said. Mr.
Grimstone said Parker's operating margins have been running
at about 19%.