CFTC Says It Fined,
   Suspended 6 Traders
Under terms of the setttlement, which is typical of the
commodities industry, the traders neither admitted nor denied
the CFTC's allegations.
   The complaint says that from 1984 to 1986 livestock
futures trader George I. Segal designed a trading scheme
under which Mr. Segal held positions and controlled trading
in accounts held by some of the other traders. By combining
the other traders' accounts, the complaint says, Mr. Segal
violated speculative limits for pork-belly and hog futures
hundreds of times.
   In addition, the complaint says, Mr. Segal participated in
a series of pre-arranged, wash or fictitious trades with Merc
trader Howard Abell and CBOT traders Henry Gasser and Charles
W. Bergstrom. The complaint also alleges that Messrs. Segal
and Abell and Merc traders Barnett Bakal and Thomas F. Pace
committed violations relating to reports they were required
to file with the CFTC.
   Mr. Segal was fined $300,000 and suspended from futures
trading for four months. Mr. Abell was fined $25,000 and
suspended for 30 days. Mr. Bakal was fined $35,000 and
suspended for four months. Mr. Pace was fined $10,000 and
suspended for six months. Mr. Gasser was fined $2,500 and
suspended for five days. And Mr. Bergstrom was fined $2,000
and suspended for five days. The traders couldn't be reached
to comment.