OTC Focus:
   Index Jumps 0.86% as Economic Data
   Entice Investors Back Into the Market
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Total OTC volume swelled to 173.8 million shares from
Monday's 140.8 million, the lowest since Dec. 26.
   A government report showing a modest 0.3% increase in
February consumer prices helped set the positive tone,
traders said. That optimism was reinforced by other economic
readings, including a stronger-than-expected report on new
housing construction.
   "Indications of slow (economic) growth in a low-inflation
environment is what this market wants to see," said Dennis
Murray, head OTC trader at Dain Bosworth.
   Adding to the enthusiasm was a rally in bond prices.
Whereas many Nasdaq investors had worried about rising
interest rates in recent days, yields yesterday eased to
8.00% as long-term government securities gained 3/4 point.
   Gail Dudack, market analyst at S.G. Warburg  Co., said 8%
may become a near-term ceiling for long-term interest rates.
Given that, she expects the market to avoid significant
short-term losses and remain in a narrow range near its
current level.
   Stocks also closed higher on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Big Board composite index gained 1.57, or 0.7%, while the
Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 19.68, or 0.61%.
   Two new issues were active. Sciclone Pharmaceuticals
closed at 8 3/4 on a market-leading 2.4 million shares. The
San Mateo, Calif., drug company had an initial offering of
three million shares, priced at $7.25 each.
   Health O Meter, another new issue, ended at 14 1/4 on 1.9
million shares. It was the subject of a 2.5 million-share IPO
priced at $14. The Bridgeview, Ill., company makes scales to
measure weight.
   Applebee's International, meanwhile, soared 3 to 18 1/2.
The restaurant concern had an offering of 2.8 million
additional common shares, including 1,135,000 shares sold by
holders. The offering was made at $15 a share.
   But two other planned stock offerings were pulled
yesterday. Criticare Systems, which had proposed an issue of
two million additional shares, and AmeriServ Food, which was
to sell an initial 5.1 million shares, withdrew their plans,
each citing market conditions. Criticare's shares gained 1/2
to 6 1/8.
   AmeriServ's chief financial officer, Monty Standifer, said
the company, based in Dallas, postponed the offering because
it views the market as saturated with new issues. "The market
for IPOs is very heavy," Mr. Standifer said. "There are too
many deals. Prices are perhaps too high. The market is due
for a correction."
   Dell Computer jumped 3 1/4 to 39 1/4.
   Xerox agreed to sell Dell personal computers in 19 Latin
American countries. Xerox will sell Dell's full line of
notebook, desktop and floor-standing systems. Dell products
will be available in those countries within 60 days.
   Clearly Canadian slumped 1 1/8 to 23 5/8, despite the
beverage company's report that its fourth-quarter profit
jumped to 19 cents a share from seven cents last year. The
company said its latest results were within expectations.
   Sam  Libby dropped 3 5/8 to 16 3/8 after Montgomery
Securities analyst Alice A. Ruth downgraded her rating on the
stock to "outperform" from "aggressive buy," Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said. The analyst trimmed her
second-quarter earnings estimate for the San Carlos, Calif.,
footwear concern to a range of 22 cents to 27 cents a share
from a firm forecast of 27 cents.
   International Container Systems climbed 2 3/4 to 7 1/4
after the company posted fourth-quarter net income of 16
cents a share, up from nine cents a year ago.
   Sheldahl lost 1 1/8 to 6 3/8. The company posted a loss of
six cents a share for its second quarter ended Feb. 28,
compared with year-earlier profit from continuing operations
of 12 cents a share. Sales slipped to $19.1 million from
$20.3 million. It said fiscal 1992 sales will be just $85
million, rather than the $92 million it had expected.
   Optical Radiation advanced 1 3/8 to 29. The company plans
to spin off its consumer optical group to holders. It said
1.5 shares of the new company will be distributed for each
existing Optical Radiation share. Optical intends to list the
new shares on the Big Board.
   Seibels Bruce gained 7/8 to 5 3/4. It entered a tentative
agreement to be acquired by an affiliate of Big Board-listed
Lincoln National. Seibels will be acquired for about $46.9
million in cash and stock. Shares of Lincoln National rose
1/4 to 56 3/4.
   ---
   Robert Liu contributed to this article.