Technology:
   Digital Equipment Offers Program
   To 7,000 Employees to Retire Early
   ----
   By David Stipp
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The computer maker, which is based in Maynard, Mass.,
already has cut its work force to 119,500 employees from a
high of 125,800 in September 1989 through voluntary and
involuntary reductions. Last June, Digital said it would cut
its work force by as much as 10,000 in the fiscal year ending
in June 1992, but by the end of 1991, the company "still had
considerable number" of cuts to make to achieve that goal,
said Barry F. Willman, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein 
Co.
   Digital took a $1.1 billion charge for the fourth quarter,
ended June 29, largely to cover the planned employment
reductions. A company spokesman said Digital expects to cover
costs of the new early-retirement program with reserves it
previously established at the time of the charge.
   In composite New York Stock Exchange trading late
yesterday, Digital was at $62.125, up 50 cents.
   Digital said it will suspend other staff-reduction efforts
while the early-retirement program, which ends May 31, is in
effect. Jay P. Stevens, an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds
Inc., said that "based on the experience with the
early-retirement program at IBM, you can get up to 50% (of
those eligible) accepting." But he cautioned that that was
only a guess.
   The company "is relatively young," with a limited number
of older employees, so it was thought that only small
workforce reductions would result from an early-retirement
program, said Dean Witter's Mr. Stevens. But Digital is
offering the program to employees over 50 years old with at
least five years of service, substantially increasing the
number eligible from its previous early-retirement program
for workers over age 55, he added.
   Employees who take early retirement will get 26 weeks'
salary as a lump-sum payment in addition to retirement
benefits.
   Dean Witter's Mr. Stevens said Digital probably will need
to take further cost-cutting steps after the early-retirement
program to achieve profitability goals. According to a "rough
analysis," he added, Digital is getting close to having
annual revenue of $150,000 per employee, but competitors such
as International Business Machines Corp. "are closing in on"
annual revenue of $200,000 per employee. "That suggests
Digital has a lot more to do."
   For the year ended June 29, Digital reported a loss of
$617.4 million, or $5.08 a share, including the $1.1 billion
restructuring charge. Revenue was $13.91 billion. For the
second quarter, ended Dec. 28, it posted a loss of $138.3
million, or $1.11 a share, on revenue of $3.48 billion.