Amax Inc. Unit Swaps
   Stock for Two Firms,
   Alaska Gold Reserve
Under terms of the exchange offer, Amax Gold swapped two
of its common shares and one four-year warrant to buy an Amax
share for $21, for every four shares of Fairbanks Gold of
Vancouver, British Columbia. Amax Gold said it issued 6.6
million common shares and 3.3 million warrants to buy the 96%
of Fairbanks's 14.4 million fully diluted common shares that
were tendered under the offer. Fairbanks owns 51% of the
reserve.
   A spokeswoman for Amax Gold said in about three months it
expects to acquire the remaining Fairbanks common shares on
the same terms as the exchange offer. Then, another 600,000
Amax Gold common shares and 300,000 warrants are expected to
be issued.
   In a related transaction, Amax Gold acquired closely held
Gilmore Gold, owner of a 49% interest in the Fort Knox
property, for 6.3 million of its common shares and 630,000
warrants.
   The spokeswoman said the cost to develop the Fort Knox
property is expected to be about $220 million. Amax Gold said
the purchase is expected to double current annual production
of 300,000 to 350,000 ounces of gold a year when the Fort
Knox project begins producing in 1994 or 1995. It said the
project contains proven and probable reserves of 3.2 million
ounces and estimated the cost to produce an ounce of gold to
be $200 to $215.
   When both acquisitions are completed, Amax Gold will have
73.5 million shares outstanding and Amax Inc. will own a 71%
stake, down from 87%.