Toyota, GM's
   Saturn Unit
   To Raise Prices
   ---
   Stocks of Big Three Surge
   As Auto Makers Look
   To Boost Their Profits
   ----
   By Krystal Miller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Analysts said investors were reacting to
better-than-expected early February sales and mounting
evidence that Japanese auto makers will give Detroit
breathing room by raising their prices to avert trade
retaliation by Washington.
   "The pricing environment is much more bullish for the Big
Three than many people realize," Jack V. Kirnan, an analyst
with Kidder, Peabody  Co., said. "The Big Three management
smells an historic opportunity to regain some market share."
   Mr. Kirnan said he expects other Big Three marketing units
will opt to raise prices by cutting discounts now offered to
consumers, rather than boosting base prices. Such a strategy
will create the perception that American cars are a better
value than Japanese products, he said.
   The announcements follow recent moves by GM's Chevrolet
division and Ford to cut, or eliminate altogether, rebates on
several models. By raising base prices and scaling back
incentive programs, auto makers are attempting to squeeze
more profits from each vehicle. That is good news for the Big
Three, who are struggling to regain profitability after
incurring combined operating losses for 1991 of about $6
billion.
   Toyota, the No. 1 Japanese auto maker and a prime target
of anti-Japanese sentiment in Washington, said Friday it will
raise the prices of its 1992 Toyota division models as much
as 3.3%, or $670. Meanwhile, Toyota's Lexus luxury car
division said it will increase base prices as much as 5%, or
$2,100.
   Toyota attributed the increases to the appreciation of the
yen. But Toyota also is reacting to trade pressures, and
anticipating that the Japanese government soon will call for
a cut in vehicle shipments to the U.S. Honda Motor Co.,
Nissan Motor Corp. and Mazda Motor Corp. have said they are
contemplating price increases, too, and will likely follow
Toyota's lead soon.
   Meanwhile, GM's Saturn subsidiary became the first Big
Three marketing unit to boost base prices of its 1992 models
in the wake of expected Japanese price increases. Saturn said
it would increase base prices of its models by as much as
$200, or 2.4%, and will also increase prices on most options.
   Saturn's biggest increase will come on its best-selling
models. The SL will cost $8,395, a $200 increase. The SL1
will have a base price of $9,195, a 2.2% increase from
$8,995. The SL2 will cost $10,595, up 1.9% from $10,395.
   The most expensive Saturn, the SC, will cost $11,975, up
$100. The price of popular options will also increase. For
example, air conditioning will now cost $825, a $30 increase.
The cost of automatic transmission will also rise $30 to
$725. Additionally, the shipping charges Saturn buyers pay
will rise to $300, up $25.
   In total, the amount a buyer pays for the popular Saturn
SL1 with air conditioning, automatic transmission, power door
locks, power passenger-side mirror, power windows and cruise
control will be $11,850. That's a $310 increase, or 2.7%,
from the current price of $11,540.
   All price increases will be effective next month.
   Toyota said it hasn't completed its new price list. So
far, the auto maker said the biggest price boost will come on
the Camry XLE, the most expensive model in Toyota's lineup of
family sedans. The XLE will have a base price of $21,178, up
3.3% from $20,508. The least expensive Camry will cost
$14,798, up 3%, from $14,368. This is the 1992 Camry's second
price increase. Toyota boosted the base price by a hefty
11.5% in September.
   Meanwhile, Toyota's entry-level car, the Tercel, will have
a base price of $7,198, up 2.9% from $6,998.
   The price of Lexus models will jump substantially. The
biggest increase comes on the most expensive model, the LS,
which will have a base price of $44,300, up from $42,200. The
least expensive model, the ES300, will cost $26,550, up
$1,300 from $25,250.