World Markets:
   Shares Retreat in Tokyo in Session Dominated
   By Options-Related Activity; London Stocks Fall
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
Friday, the Nikkei index fell 236.09 points to close the
morning session at 21154.93.
   Thursday's first-section volume continued light at an
estimated 200 million shares, compared with 189 million
Wednesday. Losers overwhelmed gainers, 606-300, and 196
issues were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which fell 18.13 points Wednesday, gave
up 8.73 points to 1586.08.
   Though options-related activity dominated trading, growing
concern about political scandals and stability weighed on the
market and discouraged stock dealings. The market was briefly
lifted by reports of a call from a ruling Liberal Democratic
Party official for a Japanese interest-rate cut soon, but the
advance soon gave way to options-related selling pressure.
   Japan's biggest securities firms' proposals to make the
stock market more efficient and attractive to investors
failed to boost sentiment on the Tokyo bourse.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index ended off 1.1 points at 2522.6. The FT 30-stock index
dropped 5.9 points to 1957.4. Volume was 527.7 million
shares, compared with 448.1 million shares a day earlier.
   The London session was static, as a lack of major themes
for the market made investors focus on special situations.
Shares were supported in the early going by New York stocks'
record close Wednesday, but price rises were curtailed by
worse-than-expected British unemployment data and a decline
in average earnings, Wall Street's weaker opening Thursday,
and British corporate earnings reports that fell short of
predictions.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 2.47 points to
1681.39. Most of the gains were made in pre-bourse trading on
the heels of Wall Street's day-earlier climb to a record, but
a lack of follow-through buying encouraged profit-taking.
   Though Paris shares finished higher, the market remained
stuck in its two-week-old range. Amsterdam stocks' gain was
indirectly supported by larger-than-expected U.S. retail
sales for January through a sharply higher dollar. But in
Madrid and in Milan, profit-taking left shares lower. And
Stockholm prices slid on poor corporate earnings reports.
   Hong Kong stocks rallied on enthusiasm for China's recent
market-reform comments, anticipated strong corporate
earnings, and good prospects for a prime-rate cut. In
Singapore, profit-taking dragged shares down. Taipei equities
rebounded, snapping a five-session losing streak. Prices
slumped in Seoul, pressured by unconfirmed rumors of
financial problems at Hyundai, institutional investors' moves
to dress up their books for the March fiscal year end, and
heightened political uncertainty.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, Pioneer Electronic
fell 70 yen to 3,330 yen ($26.14). Group pretax profit for
the third quarter ended Dec. 31 declined 5.8% to 24.67
billion yen ($193.6 million) from a year earlier. Despite
expectations for more severe business conditions, among them
fierce domestic competition and the yen's appreciation, that
would hurt results, Pioneer didn't change its prediction of
last autumn for fiscal-year net income of 19.2 billion yen
and sales of 422.2 billion yen.
   Sumitomo Chemical added 2 to 440. Unconsolidated pretax
profit for 1991 dropped 33% to 24.51 billion yen, reflecting
sluggish Japanese economic conditions and declines in prices
of aluminum and other products, as well as rising interest
costs. For 1992, Sumitomo predicted unconsolidated pretax
profit will edge down 2.1% to 24 billion yen, net income will
skid 28% to 11 billion yen, and sales will be flat at 700
billion yen.
   In London, Hanson declined 2 pence to 197.75 pence ($3.53)
on the company's first quarterly earnings decline in its
history and its warning that an upturn wasn't in sight. The
industrial conglomerate's pretax profit for its first quarter
ended Dec. 31 dropped 6.2% to #226 million ($404 million).
The results were better than the market's expectations of
#200 million to #220 million, and within the company's own
forecast. Still, Hanson reported few signs of recovery in the
markets in which it operates, particularly the U.S. and
Britain. Citing strong growing international interest for
Hanson shares and American depositary receipts, the company
said it would pay dividends on a quarterly basis starting in
July.
   BOC Group gave up 15, or 2.3%, to 631. The gases and
health company's pretax profit for its first quarter ended
Dec. 31 rose 12% to #80.1 million, led by a strong
performance by BOC's pharmaceutical operations and aided by
favorable currency movements. The results slightly exceeded
market expectations. BOC stock responded to the earnings
announcement with an initial surge to 657 pence, but
profit-takers sent the stock back down after traders didn't
see any upturn for the company's results in pivotal areas
this year.
   British Petroleum plunged 10, or 3.5%, to 274.
Fourth-quarter net income on a replacement-cost basis, which
strips out oilprice changes, plummeted 84% to #72 million,
reflecting the effect of economic recession on BP's chemical
business. The results were far worse than analysts had
expected. And though BP left the quarterly dividend unchanged
at 4.20 pence a share rather than cutting it as some
investors had feared, this was stingier than the market had
been expecting. The dividend action increased full-year
payout 5% to 16.80 pence a share.
   In Paris, Havas rose 5.10 French francs, or 1.2%, to 445
francs ($81.25). The media and tourism concern's 1991 profit
after payments to minority interests fell 9% to about 1.05
billion francs ($191.7 million), reflecting a depressed
business environment. Recent productivity-boosting measures
and a foreign-investment strategy helped limit the profit
decline, Havas said, predicting these will have a positive
effect on this year's results, too. Havas also said it
expects tourism operations to move out of the red this year
and its 25%-owned Canal Plus pay television affiliate's
profit contribution to grow at a satisfactory pace. Thus,
Havas predicted 1992 profit to rebound to about the 1990
level of 1.15 billion francs.
   In Amsterdam, Unilever rose 1.7 guilders to 187.20
guilders ($103.33). The Anglo-Dutch food and consumer
products maker said it would withdraw from a halfdozen
agribusiness operations, which will result in a charge of #60
million against fourth-quarter results. This will be offset
by one-time gains of #63 million from the previously
announced sale of packaging operations.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % This
                                  Feb 12    Feb 11    Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. .....................      389.6     386.5   - 0.2
   Britain ..................      747.9     751.6   + 1.5
   Canada ...................      406.5     405.7   + 2.7
   Japan ....................      921.6     930.6   - 6.9
   France ...................      527.0     527.6   + 5.3
   Germany ..................      259.5     261.3   + 6.6
   Hong Kong ................     3489.9    3444.2   +12.7
   Switzerland ..............      221.0     221.6   + 7.8
   Australia ................      344.0     343.4   - 2.1
   World index ..............      521.7     523.7   - 2.6