World Markets:
   Stocks Climb in Tokyo on Late Technical Surge,
   Jump in London and Turn Back Up in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
The Nikkei 225-stock index, which plunged 851.39 points
Wednesday, rose 398.64, or 1.75%, to 23113.64.
   On Friday, the Nikkei index sank 724.92 points to close
the morning session at 22388.72.
   Thursday's first-section volume was estimated at 170
million shares, down from 192.7 million shares Wednesday. The
session was dominated by options-related trading; despite the
Nikkei's large advance in percentage terms, losers
outnumbered gainers, 479-459, and 162 issues were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first section issues,
which dropped 53.28 points Wednesday, rose 6.02 to 1699.41.
   For most of the session, the Nikkei hovered within a
100-point range before jumping more than 300 points in the
last 30 minutes of dealings.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index soared 30.8 points, or 1.2%, to 2497.9, near the
intraday high of 2500.0. The FT 30-stock index climbed 18.9
points, or 1%, to 1904.8. Volume was 715.6 million shares,
compared with 505.3 million shares a day earlier. Several
major buy programs also boosted volume and lifted the
100-stock index.
   Despite London's strong finish, underlying concern still
focused on sterling, where the pound hovered just above its
effective floor within the European exchange-rate mechanism.
The pound has been under pressure since Germany boosted its
interest rates before Christmas.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 11.03 points to
1589.76, on modest volume. Stocks were supported by New
York's mixed to higher close a day earlier, firmer German
government bond prices and expectations that German steel
industry wage talks could result in restrained pay increases.
   Most other major European exchanges logged solid gains,
too. Paris share prices rose sharply in response to favorable
U.S. inflation figures, Wall Street's early surge and the
French government's favorable view of a plan promoted by
banks and stock-brokerage firms for investing savings in
equities, which could boost the Paris bourse's liquidity.
Madrid stocks' surge came on strong buying by overseas
investors. Milan shares rallied to post their fourth
consecutive rise. Stockholm stocks jumped ahead of Sweden's
release today of the annual budget proposal, with cuts in
government spending expected, as well as a fall in interest
rates. In Zurich, too, hopes for lower interest rates
triggered large buying orders from institutions, and shares
advanced broadly.
   On big Asian and Pacific exchanges, stocks overall had a
mixed performance. In Sydney, the market had little reaction
to Australia's earlier easing of monetary policy, and shares
slipped. Prices also softened in Hong Kong, amid continued
anxiety about U.S.-China trade talks, which are to resume
today. In Singapore, institutional investors were cautious,
and equities eased. Manila stocks ended lower on wariness
about political developments that led to a second day of
profit-taking after a seven-session surge. But in Taipei,
shares registered their eighth consecutive advance, boosted
by a reduction in interest rates, even though some
profit-taking occurred. Seoul stocks' surge was led by
construction and trade-related issues, and financial shares
gained on bargain-hunting following the previous day's
plunge. Shares of most Hyundai Group units fell to their
daily-limit lows for the third day in a row, on a market
rumor that the South Korean government has ordered commercial
banks not to lend to the Hyundai companies and that Seoul
will open a tax investigation.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, Honda Motor
slumped 60 yen, or 4.1%, to 1,420 yen ($11.42). Citing a
decline in demand in Japan and the U.S., the auto maker
revised downward its financial performance projections for
the year ending March 31. Honda expects consolidated net
income to retreat 17% to 63.1 billion yen ($507.6 million)
from a year earlier, down from its November prediction of
80.1 billion yen. It reduced its sales forecast to 4.43
billion yen from 4.53 billion yen, or a 3% gain.
   In Frankfurt, Daimler-Benz fell 6.50 marks to 732.30 marks
($485.95). The industrial company's Mercedes-Benz unit, an
auto and truck maker, plans today to sign a letter of intent
for a partnership with a second Czechoslovakian truck maker,
Liaz. Terms weren't disclosed for the deal, which would give
Mercedes-Benz a huge stake in Czechoslovakian truck
manufacturing; the company on Monday signed a letter of
intent to form a joint venture with Avia Praha, a
Prague-based maker of lighter trucks.
   In Amsterdam, Ahold closed at 77.50 guilders ($45.67), up
0.60 guilder. The food concern, in a provisional report, said
1991 consolidated sales rose 19% to 20.8 billion guilders
($12.26 billion). Leading the increase were the
second-quarter consolidation of the Tops Markets chain in the
U.S., and a stronger dollar-guilder exchange rate. In the
U.S., Ahold's sales rose 27% to $5.6 billion. Results are to
be posted next month.
   KLM Royal Dutch Airlines climbed 1.10 to 41.60. The
carrier's president, Pieter Bouw, boosted hopes for an
impending announcement of a linkup with British Airways.
Dutch journalists quoted Mr. Bouw as saying the two airlines
have solved the problem of landing rights, which are granted
to carriers on the basis of national identity and which have
been viewed as one of the major obstacles to a partnership.
Further information probably will be disclosed soon, he said,
adding that he was willing to give up the KLM identity in the
long term. British Air declined to comment on the report. In
London, British Air shares rose 1 pence to 226 pence ($4.25).
   In Zurich, Roche Holding bearer shares jumped 110 Swiss
francs, or 2.7%, to 4,220 francs ($3,140.95). The parent of a
major international pharmaceutical company said its 1991
group sales rose 19% to 11.46 billion francs ($8.53 billion).
Roche also said it expects to post a "gratifying improvement
in group profits," but didn't provide figures.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % 1991
                                     Jan 8    Jan 7    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ............................   390.5    390.1  + 27.3
 Britain .........................   731.0    735.2  + 14.4
 Canada ..........................   395.9    395.9  +  7.9
 Japan ...........................   974.8   1009.1  -  1.9

 Germany .........................   244.5    246.8  +  8.4
 Hong Kong .......................  3133.9   3140.7  + 44.3
 Switzerland .....................   207.8    208.8  + 23.0
 Australia .......................   353.1    354.2  + 31.9
 World index .....................   535.3    542.1  + 16.0