Federconsorzi Gets
   Creditors' Approval
   For Its Liquidation
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Last week a court report said the settlement would result
in repayment of at least 73.9% of Federconsorzi's debts to
its 14,000 creditors. Some creditors have expressed doubts
about the court's assessment of Federconsorzi's assets and
fear they will receive much less when these assets are sold
off bit by bit.
   Foreign bank creditors also voted in favor of the
liquidation, even though they had always insisted on full
repayment because they considered Federconsorzi a de facto
public agency backed by the Treasury. The foreign banks are
owed a total of 380 billion lire.
   A spokeswoman for the foreign bankers in London said the
group decided to vote in favor of the settlement because "it
is the best way to get the most {money} back." She said,
however, that the banks' acceptance wouldn't rule out any
legal action against the Italian authorities they are holding
responsible for Federconsorzi's collapse.
   The government, which considers Federconsorzi a
state-regulated though private-sector entity, removed the
group's management in May after it had become insolvent
thanks to years of mismanagement. Agriculture Minister
Giovanni Goria subsequently appointed three commissioners to
draw up the most advantageous settlement procedure that would
avoid a formal bankruptcy.
   Federconsorzi's main purpose was to provide technical,
commercial and financial support to Italy's agriculture
sector. Its activities included supplying feedstock and
seeds, managing the sale of produce, supplying agricultural
machinery and providing financial services to farmers.