Economy:
   Buying-Survey
   Index Shows
   5-Point Jump
   ---
   Managers' Study Indicates
   Economy Grew; Outlays
   By Consumers Edge Up
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The association says an index of more than 50% generally
indicates an expanding manufacturing sector. In addition, the
index now has exceeded 44.5% for 10 consecutive months, which
the association says indicates an overall economic expansion.
   Members reported increases in production, new orders and
new export orders. Inventories also grew, while imports and
employment declined, the report said.
   "After stabilizing in January, the economy regained most
of the momentum it began losing in October 1991," said Robert
J. Bretz, chairman of the association's Business Survey
Committee. "The growth in production was vigorous."
   Some optimism also was expressed yesterday by President
Bush, who told a Baltimore television station, "I happen to
think there's a little ray of hope out there in terms of
home-building, you know, new sales for homes and things of
that nature that are encouraging."
   The Commerce Department reported separately that consumer
spending in January rose 0.2%, while personal income slipped
0.1%. As a result, the savings rate fell to 5.3% of personal
income from 5.5% in December. In December, consumer spending
rose 0.5%, and personal income jumped 1.0%.
   Spending on durable goods fell 0.9% in January after a
minuscule rise in December. Purchases of nondurables rose
0.3%, following a 0.2% December increase.
   "Low (consumer) confidence levels and weak income growth
are hampering consumer spending," Merrill Lynch economist Ian
Borsook said. "Continued softness in the job market is mainly
to blame. Consumer spending is unlikely to pick up
significantly unless the employment picture improves."
   The department also said construction spending rose 1.3%
in January to $404.1 billion, following a 1.6% decline in
December. Increased monthly spending on new residential
housing units and public construction was offset partly by
declines in nonresidential construction, the Commerce
Department said.
   In another report, the Commerce Department said the U.S.
merchandise trade deficit on a balance-of-payments basis
narrowed in the fourth quarter to a seasonally adjusted
$18.66 billion from a revised $20.85 billion in the third
period.
   For 1991, the trade gap on this basis narrowed to $73.59
billion from $108.12 billion in 1990.
   The balance-of-payments trade figures are based on the
monthly merchandise trade figures but are adjusted for inland
freight charges, internal gold transfers and an exclusion of
military goods and services.
   All figures are adjusted for seasonal variation.
   ---
                     PERSONAL INCOME
                                                                                                       

   Here is the Commerce Department's latest report on
personal income. The figures are at seasonally adjusted
annual rates in trillions of dollars.
                                                                                                       

                                       Jan.      Dec.
                                       1992      1991
                                                                                                       

 Personal income....................   4.928    4.931
 Wages and salaries ................   2.839    2.854
 Factory payrolls ..................   0.556    0.565
 Transfer payments .................   0.818    0.795
 Disposable personal income ........   4.307    4.311
 Personal outlays ..................   4.078    4.072
 Consumption expenditures ..........   3.968    3.962
 Other outlays .....................   0.110    0.110
 Personal saving ...................   0.228    0.239
                                                                                                       

                    CONSTRUCTION SPENDING
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's figures for
construction spending in billions of dollars at seasonally
adjusted annual rates.

                                     Jan.    Dec.    Jan.
                                     1992    1991    1991
                                                                                                       

 Total new construction ..........  404.1   398.9   406.5
 Residential .....................  168.0   164.3   161.8
 Nonresidential ..................   87.9    88.5   105.8
 Public ..........................  109.4   108.3   102.6