What's News --
   Business and Finance
Coca-Cola posted a 23% increase in fourth-quarter profit
and plans a 2-for-1 stock split. The soft-drink giant's stock
surged $5.625 to $77.125. Coke's chairman said he expects the
strength to continue this year.
   ---
   Stocks partly rebounded from Wednesday's sharp slide while
the bond market slipped further. The Dow Jones industrials
rose 19.90 points to 3244.86 in active trading. Treasury
bonds lost about 3/8 point.
   ---
   Bush's budget chief said the administration is willing to
use defense savings to finance a tax cut for people with
children only if Congress adopts the president's version of
the plan.
   ---
   Kennametal did business with an Iraqi-controlled company
after Bush banned U.S. trade with Iraqi agents, according to
internal company correspondence and other documents. The
manufacturer of machine tools said it doesn't believe it
violated the ban.
   ---
   Microsoft is enlisting personal-computer makers to display
a logo for its Windows software on packaging, ads and some
PCs themselves. Dell, Tandy and Digital Equipment have agreed
to use the logos.
   ---
   Marion Merrell Dow said it plans to sell its 17% holding
in U.S. Bioscience. The biotechnology company's shares fell
$1.25 to $33 before trading was halted after the
announcement.
   ---
   UAL posted a $252.6 million fourth-quarter loss and said
it will trim its capital spending plans by at least 13%
because of sluggish air traffic. But UAL stock rose $5.125 to
$144.50.
   ---
   Household International intends to withdraw from the
higher-risk portion of its commercial finance business,
including loans on real estate and lending for leveraged
buy-outs.
   ---
   Bank regulators seized Independence Bank of Encino,
Calif., which BCCI allegedly controlled illegally.
   ---
   Waste Management is taking a $260 million charge against
pretax earnings in the fourth quarter to cover cleanup costs
at old dump sites.
   ---
   Lotus reported a fourth-quarter profit, reversing a
year-earlier loss. The software maker's sales jumped 32%.
Lotus shares rose $2.25 to $34.
   ---
   Orders for durable goods sank 5% in December. Consumer
spending changed little, while personal income increased 0.8%
after inflation.
   ---
   Immunex outlined an accord with Bristol-Myers to swap
marketing rights to some of their cancer drugs. Immunex's
stock soared for a second day, rising $5.375 to $62 a share.
   ---
   Polaroid's profit climbed 6% in the fourth quarter, as did
its sales. Polaroid stock jumped $2.125 to $27.
   ---
   French banking group Paribas incurred the first loss in
its history last year, prompting two credit-rating firms to
put its debt under review.
   ---
   Salomon's Phibro oil-trading subsidiary is taking over the
securities firm's metal-trading operations.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 194,670,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3244.86, up 19.90; transportation 1368.27, up 19.62;
utilities 211.13, off 1.00.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4200.44, off 16.98.
   Commodities: Oil $18.94 a barrel, up five cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.76, off 0.68; spot index 115.60, up 0.16.
   Dollar: 125.75 yen, unchanged; 1.6150 marks, up 0.0136.