PaineWebber Stake
   Of Yasuda Mutual
   To Be Reduced
   ----
   By Michael Siconolfi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Some other big Japanese concerns also have reduced their
stakes in Wall Street brokerage firms. In 1990, Nippon Life
Insurance Co. effectively reduced its stake in Shearson
Lehman Brothers Inc. to 8% from 13% after American Express
Co. bought back Shearson's common outstanding; Nippon's stake
now is convertible into American Express common.
   On the other hand, however, Sumitomo Bank agreed late last
year to extend its capital investment in Goldman, Sachs  Co.
until at least 2001. In 1986, Sumitomo paid $500 million for
a 12.5% stake in the profit of Goldman, Wall Street's last
major private partnership.
   The PaineWebber move followed Yasuda's decision to convert
$75 million, or 1.7 million shares, of PaineWebber's 7%
cumulative convertible exchangeable voting preferred Series A
into PaineWebber common. That in turn followed PaineWebber's
decision to call for redemption 1.7 million shares of the
Series A preferred, of which Yasuda was the only holder.
   PaineWebber made the decision to buy back the stake to
improve its per-share earnings, a spokeswoman said; with the
company holding a significant amount of excess capital, she
said, "the timing was right."
   The shares being converted represent one-quarter of the
6.7 million shares of PaineWebber's 7% preferred outstanding.
Yasuda continues to own $225 million of the 7% cumulative
preferred, which is convertible into 11.6 million PaineWebber
common shares. Yasuda said it plans on remaining "a long-term
investor" in PaineWebber.
   Yasuda bought the 7% preferred issue in December 1987 at
$44.50 a share, for a total of $300 million. PaineWebber,
which declared a 3-for-2 stock split last year, had 42.3
million common shares outstanding as of Dec. 31.
   Yesterday, PaineWebber's shares were unchanged at $22.50
in New York Stock Exchange trading.
   Separately, PaineWebber's board approved buying back as
many as an additional five million of the company's common
shares. The board also declared a regular dividend for the
first quarter of 10 cents a share, payable April 3 to shares
of record March 2.