OTC Focus:
   Index Hits High on a Broad Advance;
   Greenspan Remark, Car Sales Data Help
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
National Market System volume rose to 187,200,000 shares
from 156,530,000 Monday.
   "There was strength in just about every possible sector.
The {computer} technology stocks were flying, the
biotechnologies were flying and the banks were strong," said
George Jennison, co-manager of OTC trading at Wheat
First-Butcher  Singer.
   Sizable gains in large-capitalization Nasdaq stocks helped
to bolster the Nasdaq indexes. Intel jumped 2 7/8 to 62 5/8,
while Amgen advanced 1 1/4 to 71 and MCI Communications rose
1 5/8 to 33 1/2. MCI reported improved fourth-quarter
earnings.
   The Nasdaq 100 Index, which tracks the performance of some
of the largest nonfinancial issues, soared 11.07, or 1.62%.
   Jim Solloway, director of research at Argus Research, said
encouraging comments by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan
Greenspan and better-than-expected sales figures from North
American auto makers helped to ease investor concerns about
stocks.
   Mr. Greenspan told the House Budget Committee yesterday
that the central bank will ease interest rates again if
economic conditions warrant such a move. Meanwhile, car
manufacturers reported late-January sales at a 6.1
million-unit annual rate, higher than analysts expected.
   Wheat First's Mr. Jennison said the sharp rally yesterday
surprised him. "But everybody has been expecting a
correction, and if anything that probably signaled that it
wouldn't happen," he said. "With so much consensus on one
side, it's probably not that surprising that it didn't
happen," the trader said.
   But James Volk, director of OTC institutional trading at
Charles Schwab, said stock prices are too high. He is still
expecting a correction that will push Nasdaq stocks down 5%
from current levels.
   Argus' Mr. Solloway agrees. "The market has held up
extremely well, but I think it's a mistake to ignore the
warning signs," he said, noting the extreme bullishness of
some investors and the recent rise in long-term interest
rates.
   Although Mr. Greenspan's comments spurred a rally in the
bond market yesterday -- pushing long-term yields down to
7.76% -- rates have been drifting higher for the past several
weeks.
   Meanwhile, on the Big Board, the New York Stock Exchange
Composite Index rose 2.18, or 0.96%, while the Dow Jones
Industrial Average jumped 38.69, or 1.20%.
   MCI Communications shares gained after the long-distance
telephone service provider recorded fourth-quarter net income
of 52 cents a share, up from 47 cents a share a year ago.
Analysts surveyed by First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial
Networks, had expected the company, based in Washington, to
post earnings of about 51 cents in the latest period.
   Elsewhere, PacifiCare Health leapt 6 1/2 to 48 1/2. The
health maintenance organization operator earned 57 cents a
share in the first quarter, ended Dec. 31, up from 21 cents a
share a year ago. Revenue climbed to $360.1 million from
$279.2 million.
   Univax Biologics, a new issue, was the most active issue,
closing at 13 1/8 on volume of 3.8 million shares. The
Rockville, Md., vaccine developer was the subject of a four
million-share offering, priced at $12 a share. The issue had
been expected to total three million shares at $10 each.
   Genesis Health Ventures slipped 1/2 to 13 1/4. An offering
of 2.5 million additional common shares was made at $13 each.
   Aldus Corp. jumped 3/4 to 33 3/4. The software developer
recorded net income of 29 cents a share for the fourth
quarter, down from 51 cents last year. Early last month, the
company said it expected to report sharply lower earnings for
the quarter because of sluggish economic conditions in the
U.S. and Europe.
   Ventritex gained 2 to 30 1/4 after a Food and Drug
Administration panel recommended approval of the company's
Cadence V-100 cardiac defibrillator. The implantable device
monitors and corrects irregular heartbeat patterns. Ventritex
went public just last month in an initial public offering
priced at $18 a share.
   Meridian Diagnostics climbed 3 1/2 to 14 1/2 after the
company reported net income of six cents a share for its
first quarter, ended Dec. 31, up from three cents a share a
year earlier.
   Noble Drilling lost 1/2 to 2 7/8. The company said it will
seek buyers for oil and gas properties and concentrate future
efforts on its core contract drilling business.
   Confertech International lost 1 1/8 to 5 3/4 after the
company reported fourth-quarter net income of $54,000, or one
cent a share, down sharply from last year's $315,000, or nine
cents a share.
   Parametric Technology soared 5 to 70 1/4. It declared a
2-for-1 stock split, payable to stock of record Feb. 18.
   SHL Systemhouse gained 3/4 to 12 1/4. The company said it
is in talks with BCE Inc. and its Bell Canada unit regarding
a strategic alliance. BCE may acquire a 60% stake in the
company.