OTC Focus:
   Nasdaq Composite Index Advances 1.67
   To 624.94 on Momentum From Tuesday
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Nasdaq market managed to avoid the choppy activity
that left New York Stock Exchange issues slight lower
yesterday. But traders said investors aren't ready to make
big commitments to over-the-counter stocks.
   While encouraging economic reports and a strong bond
market carried the Nasdaq market sharply higher Tuesday,
traders said a dearth of market-moving news yesterday left
them little to trade on. Treasury bonds were little changed.
   "It's a quiet market, waiting for the next piece of news,
and there doesn't seem to be any urgency to do anything,"
said Len Hefter, head of Jefferies  Co.'s OTC desk in
Dallas.
   Traders, meanwhile, said they expect more sideways price
movement in Nasdaq stocks. "I think you could see a very
choppy market the rest of the week with no definitive
pattern," said Jefferies' Mr. Hefter. Traders said tomorrow's
"triple witching" expiration of stock options and index
options and futures will add some cross-currents to the
market.
   INB Financial leaped 7 to 43 after the Indianapolis bank
agreed to be acquired by Big Board-listed NBD Bancorp through
an $876 million exchange of stock. Each share of INB will be
exchanged for 1.6 shares of the Detroit bank's common stock.
After the acquisition, NBD will have total assets of $40
billion. NBD shares fell 7/8 to 28 7/8.
   Shares of other Indiana banking concerns jumped following
the INB Financial announcement. Fort Wayne National rose 2
3/4 to 34 3/4, while Lincoln Financial climbed 1 1/4 to 26
3/4.
   J.B. Hunt gained 1 1/2 to 23 1/2. The company entered a
joint venture with a unit of Big Board-listed Union Pacific
to provide transportation services between the U.S. and
Mexico. Under the agreement, J.B. Hunt trailors will be
carried on Union Pacific railroads.
   First Western Corp., a new issue, closed at 12, up from
its offering price of $11, on volume of 708,700 shares. The
Scottsdale, Ariz., mortgage banking and servicing company was
the subject of an initial public offering of 1,750,000
shares. The price of the offering was cut from an originally
expected $14 to $17 a share but the size of the issue was
increased from 1,350,000.
   Summit Care, another IPO, finished at 11 1/2 on volume of
869,200 shares. The Burbank, Calif., long-term care provider
had an offering of 2.1 million shares, priced at $10.50 each.
The company is a unit of Summit Health Ltd., which, after the
offering, will hold a 56% stake. Summit Health's shares rose
1/4 to 7 1/8.
   Lechters lost 2 1/4 to 46 after the housewares concern
posted lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit of $1.13 a
share. Year-earlier profit was $1.08 a share.
   Meca Software slumped 1 5/8 to 4 5/8. The company said
fiscal 1992 earnings, which ends June 30, will be
significantly below analysts' expectations, partly because of
disappointing sales of a software program.
   Survival Technology advanced 1 1/4 to 18 3/4, despite its
report that earnings for its second quarter ended in January
fell to 12 cents a share from year-earlier results that were
bolster by revenue related to Operation Desert Storm.
   Gantos closed with a gain of 1/4 to 13 1/4, after trading
as high as 14 1/8. The company posted fourth-quarter net
income of 50 cents a share, reversing a year-ago loss of
$1.34 a share. Sales at the Grand Rapids, Mich., women's
apparel retailer rose to $78.8 million from $72.4 million.
   Dollar General gained 1 7/8 to 26 3/8 after the company
declared a 5-for-4 stock split, payable to holders of record
April 1. The Nashville, Tenn., company said it will maintain
its existing five-cent-a-share quarterly dividend after
issuing the additional shares, effectively increasing its
dividend rate 25%.
   Kelley Oil Corp. added 5/8 to 7 1/2. It posted
fourth-quarter profit of 12 cents a share, up from four cents
a year ago.
   One Price Clothing gained 1 3/4 to 15. Raymond James 
Associates analyst Harry G. Katica initiated coverage of the
stock with a "buy" recommendation, Dow Jones Professional
Investor Report said.
   ECI Telecom advanced 3 to 58 3/4. The company received a
$10.6 million order from American Telephone  Telegraph to
upgrade certain equipment.
   Gencor Industries jumped 2 1/2 to 6 1/4. The Orlando,
Fla., company posted operating profit of 42 cents a share for
1991 vs. a year-ago loss of 48 cents a share.