Technology:
   Novell to Introduce
   More Flexible Version
   Of Message Software
Currently, Novell gives away a messaging program to
purchasers of certain versions of NetWare, a family of
software products that accounts for most of Novell's
revenues. That program, however, isn't designed to exchange
messages with mainframes, minicomputers and workstations that
are controlled by operating software other than NetWare and
DOS. The new software, called NetWare Global Messaging
Server, will work with most other kinds of computers and
allow for shared applications to run on top of the base
software.
   Novell said it will price the program at $1,095 for a
network with 10 users, $2,895 for 50 users and $7,295 for 250
users.
   Separately, Novell said it settled a trademark
infringement lawsuit it filed in October against Network
Systems  Services Inc., a New York computer training
company.
   Novell had alleged that Network Systems told students that
its classes were formally authorized and sanctioned by
Novell, when in fact they weren't. Under the settlement,
Novell said Network Systems will pay students who took its
Novell classes an undisclosed amount of money. Novell also
said Network Systems agreed not to violate Novell trademarks
in the future. Network Systems couldn't be reached to
comment.
   In over-the-counter trading yesterday, Novell closed at
$58.875, down 12.5 cents.