The Outlook:
   Protectionist Calls
   Belie Competitiveness
   ----
   By Alfred L. Malabre Jr.
The superior U.S. showing is most striking in comparing
labor costs per unit of output. In the years 1979-85, such
costs in U.S. factories rose at an annual rate of 3.9%, while
they fell in 11 of 13 other nations surveyed. The sharpest
decline, 9.6% annually, was in Belgium; only Taiwan showed a
faster increase than the U.S. But in 1985-90, in a stunning
turnabout, the U.S. alone showed a decline in unit costs,
while most other countries experienced double-digit
increases.
                                                                                                       

   More recent comparisons aren't available, but Arthur Neef,
chief of foreign labor data at the Bureau of Labor
Statistics, suspects that the U.S. has continued to excel.
   The U.S. performance partly reflects improved
productivity. In 1979-85, hourly output in U.S. factories
rose 2.8% annually, while in 1985-90 the gain accelerated to
3.5%. In all but three of the other 13 nations, in contrast,
productivity gains slowed in the latter years. Moreover, the
U.S. advance in 1985-90 was sharper than in all but three of
the other countries. In 1979-85, eight countries outpaced the
U.S. gain.
   The U.S. showing also reflects relatively modest increases
in hourly compensation. This is evident whether the estimates
are made in terms of each particular currency or in U.S.
dollar terms.
                                                                                                       

   Hourly pay in U.S. manufacturing rose at an annual rate of
3.5% in 1985-90, down sharply from 6.8% in 1979-85. In
local-currency terms, only the Netherlands registered a
slower increase in 1985-90. And in terms of the U.S. dollar,
whose global worth fell sharply after 1985, pay in all the
other nations rose far faster than in the U.S. The yearly
increases ranged from a low of 8.2% in Canada to a high of
18.2% in Germany; the Japanese rise was 15%.
                                                                                                       

   The upshot is a startling five-year change in relative
compensation costs. In 1985, the hourly average for U.S.
production workers was $13.01. This dwarfed comparable
readings for 32 other countries surveyed in a broader Labor
Department report. The comparable hourly pay level, for
example, was $6.19 in Britain, $6.43 in Japan, $7.41 in
Italy, $7.52 in France, $9.57 in West Germany and $10.80 in
Canada.
   By 1990, the U.S. hourly rate was $14.77, a modest rise
from five years earlier. Even so, comparable pay levels were
appreciably higher in a dozen countries. The 1990 rate, for
instance, was $15.23 in France, $16.02 in Canada, $16.41 in
Italy and $21.53 in Germany. Higher even than the German rate
was Norway's $21.86, up from a 1985 level of $10.60. At
$12.43 and $12.64, respectively, the British and Japanese pay
levels remained slightly below the U.S. figure.
   Looking ahead, U.S. manufacturers seem likely to keep
improving their competitive position. Most analysts expect
the U.S. dollar to remain relatively weak while the economy
recovers steadily, if slowly, from its latest recession. This
would help spur productivity and further reduce unit labor
costs generally, as well as in manufacturing. Such costs,
it's noteworthy, fell for nearly a year after the 1981-82
recession.
                                                                                                       

   Further improvement in U.S. competitiveness would provide
additional muscle for the economy's already strengthening
export sector. In the process, the nation's deficit-ridden
foreign-trade balance would continue to mend, helping the
economy in general.
                                                                                                       

   In fact, marked progress has already occurred on the trade
front. In the past five years, U.S. merchandise trade with
the European Community, for example, has moved from a deficit
of nearly $30 billion to a surplus of nearly $20 billion.
Overall, U.S. merchandise trade remains in deficit, to be
sure. Since 1987, however, the shortfall has narrowed from
more than $150 billion to about $70 billion.
   Against such a background, recent calls in Washington,
Detroit and elsewhere for stricter protective measures for
U.S. industry seem, to say the least, unwarranted. Indeed, if
such steps are taken, they may come just when U.S.
manufacturers are at last regaining much of their former
competitive vigor and would stand to reap benefits if trade
flows freely.