World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Continue Their Slide;
   Frankfurt Equities Post Small Gains
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Wednesday, the Nikkei index rose 234.19 points to close
the morning session at 21092.49.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of first-section
issues shed 5.48 points to 1569.43 Tuesday after declining
25.35 points Monday.
   Tuesday's volume remained thin, at an estimated 230
million shares compared with Monday's 221.8 million shares.
Declining issues outnumbered gainers, 607 to 358.
   Stock prices fell from their morning highs in arbitrage
selling, while most investors stayed on the sidelines.
However, high-tech shares, which have been sold heavily
recently in reaction to dismal earnings forecasts, firmed on
foreign buying.
   The general managers of stock divisions at Japan's Big
Four brokerage houses met to discuss the market. But as no
effective measures came out of the meeting, disappointment
spread in the market, adding to its weakness in the
afternoon.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index finished at 2543.4, slipping 1.5 points after a rise of
8.2 points Monday. The narrower FT 30-stock index edged up
2.2 points to 1974.1, after Monday's advance of 5.1 points.
Volume swelled to 619.4 million shares from 418.2 million
shares.
   Trading was directionless, reflecting uncertain outlooks
for Wall Street and for economic recovery in Britain.
   An early run-up on the back of futures buying stalled as
traders concentrated on dismal U.K. retail sales figures
released a day ago and poor overnight performances in New
York and Tokyo.
   News that British bank lending was subdued in December
provided further evidence that consumers didn't use the
Christmas period as an excuse to spend their way out of
recession. The Bank of England issued December money supply
figures showing that new bank loans, collapsed to #1.1
billion ($1.98 billion) from #5.5 billion in November.
   Analysts warned that industrial production figures due
today are likely to show that the U.K. manufacturing sector
remains severely depressed as well.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index finished at 1685.29,
up 8.12 points, after a gain of 6.18 points Monday.
   Stock prices were bid up strongly in early trading, helped
by active foreign buying and by a firm German bond market.
But share prices fell well below the day's highs by the
finish. The market was hit by a wave of profit-taking as the
DAX neared the key 1700 level.
   There also was some selling of stocks related to
position-squaring on the options exchange.
   In Milan, share prices fell across the board as a wave of
selling definitively crushed the rally of the past two weeks.
   The MIB index was down 13 points, or 1.2%, to 1063, after
falling 3 points Monday. A total of 237 shares declined,
while 67 rose. Traders said the market was dragged down by
the weight of falling blue chips, and that the decline might
indicate a change in the market's mood after the exuberance
of the first weeks of the year.
   In Sydney, share prices tumbled, with the All Ordinaries
Index finishing at 1646.6, down 21 points, or 1.3%, after a
drop of 5.9 points Monday. Prices were damped by remarks by
Australia's treasurer about no further easing of interest
rates "for the moment," and by the continued weakness of
Tokyo stocks.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Imperial Chemical
Industries rose four pence to 1253 pence ($22.49). The
company said it has dropped a plan to pool its
powder-coatings operations with those of Ferro Corp. of the
U.S. because of disagreements between the two concerns. The
announcement marked a setback for ICI's strategy of building
up its core operations in the three major market areas of
Europe, North America and the Pacific Rim.
   British Aerospace plunged 16, or 5.2%, to 286 on a press
report that the signing of British Aerospace's lucrative Al
Yamamah defense contract with Saudi Arabia may be delayed
until after British elections later this year. British
Aerospace vigorously denied the report.
   In Milan, Fiat common shares plummeted 164 lire, or 3.1%,
to 5175 lire ($4.31).
   IFI, a holding of the Agnelli family, skidded 200, or
1.4%, to 13700. Traders said strong opposition in France to
the Agnellis' proposed takeover of the Perrier mineral water
company was damping interest in the group's shares.
   Pirelli S.p.A. dropped 42, or 3.4%, to 1180. The tire and
cable company's shares were hurt by a tense shareholders
meeting where the group was attacked for what shareholders
called mismanagement and for withholding information in a
failed and costly bid for Germany's Continental.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % 1991
                             Jan 20     Jan 17     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ....................    389.0     391.1      +26.8
 Britain .................    753.6     751.8      +17.9
 Canada ..................    412.6     413.2      +12.5
 Japan ...................    911.6     924.3      - 8.3
 France ..................    528.1     526.3      +24.5
 Germany .................    257.3     258.0      +14.1
 Hong Kong ...............   3267.8    3231.1      +50.4
 Switzerland .............    216.4     216.1      +28.2
 Australia ...............    353.9     355.2      +32.2
 World index .............    525.3     521.9      +13.8