What's News --
   Business and Finance
The thrift industry earned a $1.97 billion profit in 1991
after five consecutive years of losses. Separately, a top
regulator asked Congress to ease rules on SL real estate
units.
   ---
   Cantor Fitzgerald is being investigated for alleged
violations of Treasury bidding rules and possible misuse of
customer accounts. The securities concern denies any
wrongdoing.
   ---
   Westinghouse cut Chairman Paul Lego's compensation last
year by $1.5 million after a year of financial turmoil, but
offered him lucrative incentives to turn the company round.
   ---
   GM Chairman Robert Stempel said it will take time to
revive the auto maker's North American operations. He asked
investors "to have the patience to stay with me." But Stempel
said he isn't assuming GM will regain a 40% U.S. market
share.
   ---
   Stocks rebounded after a four-day slide. The Dow Jones
industrials gained 15.87 points to 3230.99. Nasdaq stocks
rose more sharply. Bond prices slipped. The dollar advanced.
   ---
   Saatchi posted a $100.7 million loss for 1991. But the
advertising concern, though predicting a drop in revenue,
said it will earn a profit this year.
   ---
   Cascade International may have been laundering money
before the retailer's chairman vanished last fall, a
bankruptcy-court investigator said. Separately, a Raymond
James analyst sold Cascade shares in July while recommending
the stock to clients.
   ---
   Dow Corning is negotiating a bank financing pact that
could limit the company's access to credit if legal costs
linked to its silicone gel breast implants exceed $400
million.
   ---
   Morgan Stanley named John Mack chief operating officer, a
new post, putting the ex-bond trader in line to someday run
the investment bank.
   ---
   Ex-Drexel executive Leon Black emerged as the leading
investor in Memorex Telex and Cole National after they
restructured their debt.
   ---
   A Small Business Administration task force plans today to
call for revamping the financing of a troubled U.S. program
designed to raise capital for promising small companies.
   ---
   Microsoft intends to supply software for a new Sony
portable device that will display text and video and will
play sound, all from a disk.
   ---
   Exxon began a program in which the company's shareholders
can buy more stock directly from the company, avoiding
brokerage fees. The program is aimed at small investors.
   ---
   Foster's Brewing's chief executive quit amid speculation
that the Australian company may be broken up.
   ---
   BASF and Hoechst reported declines of more than 20% in
their 1991 pretax earnings. Both German chemical companies
cut their dividends.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 194,530,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3230.99, up 15.87; transportation 1408.07, up 3.17; utilities
205.12, up 0.69.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4198.23, off 12.07.
   Commodities: Oil $18.69 a barrel, up two cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.60, off 0.12; spot index 118.81, up 0.36.
   Dollar: 132.85 yen, up 0.93; 1.6705 marks, up 0.0095.