International:
   U.K. Labor Party,
   Tories Set Lines
   For Election Battle
   ----
   By Craig Forman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The party that once promised "full employment" now pledges
only to seek to curb "excessive" unemployment. "We refuse to
give the impression that there is some magic lever to pull,"
said Labor leader Neil Kinnock.
   Still, Labor is making promises that would be tough to
deliver on, like pulling Britain out of a world-wide
recession, while trying to pin the blame on the ruling Tories
for allowing the recession in the first place.
   Labor said it would introduce a minimum wage and raise
taxes on middle-class and wealthy Britons; the party said it
would use the tax proceeds for nearly #2 billion ($3.47
billion) of extra spending on the health service, education
and training for the unemployed.
   Meantime, the Tories are offering more of the policies
that have kept them in power for 13 years.
   The Conservative platform promises to continue cutting
taxes to a base rate of 20%. The Tories also plan to continue
privatization with the sales of British Coal, the London
Docklands train service and pieces of British Rail, and to
keep a strong defense and police force.
   The Tories have been on the defensive this week, hurt by
two newspaper polls published yesterday that gave Labor a
five-point lead. But the Tories believe that once the
campaigners really hit the hustings, the likability of Prime
Minister John Major, who continues to score much higher than
Mr. Kinnock in personal ratings, will help the Tory effort.
And indeed, an opinion poll to be published in today's Daily
Telegraph gave the Conservative Party a two-point lead over
Labor.