Boeing to Slash
   Output of 737s
   To 14 a Month
   ----
   By Roy J. Harris Jr.
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The twin-engine 737 -- the most widely ordered jetliner
ever, with 2,202 delivered so far -- is produced in three
cabin sizes, seating from 108 to 170 passengers. The Renton,
Wash., division of Boeing Commercial Airplane Group last
produced the 737s at 14-a-month in 1990, boosting the monthly
rate to 17, and to 21 last year.
   A Boeing spokesman said it was "too early to know" what
reduction in the work force might be required because of the
lower rate. The Renton division now employs 12,900, mostly
for work on the 737 and the larger 757 model.
   A year ago, Boeing's backlog of orders for that jetliner
stood at 904, but it steadily slipped as the economic squeeze
on airline customers has tightened -- curtailing small-plane
demand for domestic U.S. and other shorter-haul travel.
Boeing said its 737 order book now lists 742 planes, on order
from 46 customers, and it still plans to deliver 223 this
year.
   Boeing noted that the outlook for the 737 still is strong
over the longer term. The 737 backlog still is valued at
nearly $25 billion, and the spokesman said 14-a-month remains
the highest rate for any jetliner.
   On news of the production cut, Boeing's stock ended a
roller-coaster week Friday by falling $1.875 to $50.875, on
heavy volume of 1.3 million shares in trading on the New York
Stock Exchange. Earlier, its shares had slipped because of
rumors that UAL Corp.'s United Airlines unit might trim
purchasing plans for Boeing planes, especially 737s. The
aerospace concern's stock recovered somewhat Thursday, after
United didn't mention any specific fleet plans in announcing
it would cut $2 billion or more from its capital budget over
the next three yeas.
   Boeing, which has a total backlog of $97.9 billion, has
said that world-wide orders for its wide-bodied aircraft
remain strong as more carriers add international routes.