Saint-Gobain Says Net
   Declined 26% in 1991;
   Weak Economy Cited
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The figures are estimates that will be updated when
Saint-Gobain announces final 1991 results in the early
spring.
   The weak economic conditions were reflected in the 14%
drop in operating profit to 6.9 billion francs from eight
billion francs. This came despite an 8.6% rise in
consolidated revenue to 75 billion francs from 69 billion
francs.
   Saint-Gobain said the drop in operating profit also
reflected a rise in amortizations and provisions to 5.6
billion francs from 4.8 billion francs. The increase was
mostly on the amortization side, reflecting a sustained pace
of industrial investments and the impact of recently
consolidated units.
   Industrial investments slipped to 5.7 billion francs from
six billion francs, while portfolio investments tumbled to
2.2 billion francs from 13.5 billion francs.
   On the financial side, charges rose to 5.6 billion francs
from 4.8 billion francs, reflecting the cost of acquisitions.
In 1990, Saint-Gobain bought Norton Co., a U.S. abrasives
producer, for about $2 billion.
   Debt at the end of 1991 totaled 21 billion francs, against
35 billion francs of equity plus paid-in capital. That left
the debt-toequity ratio at 60%, roughly flat with a year
earlier. Cash flow dropped to 8.1 billion francs from 8.4
billion francs.
   Saint-Gobain said the downturn in activity affected nearly
all branches, reflecting the sluggish construction,
automobile and industrial equipment markets.
   Geographically, the company suffered from continued
weakness in the U.S., which it said remains the country "most
affected by economic crisis." France has held up relatively
well, it said, but German growth no longer is able to
compensate for lack of activity elsewhere in Europe.