World Markets:
   Tokyo Equities End Mixed on a Technical Lift;
   London Stocks Climb on Futures-Linked Moves
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Wednesday, Tokyo's financial markets were closed for a
national holiday.
   Tuesday's first-section volume was estimated at a weak 180
million shares, little changed from 175.8 million a day
earlier. Despite the Nikkei's gain, decliners outnumbered
gainers, 530-384, and 185 issues were unchanged. The Tokyo
Stock Price Index of all first section issues, which fell
40.32 points Monday, edged up 4.56 to 1624.40.
   Some market sectors that had been oversold in the past few
months saw buying Tuesday, though trading continued to be
subdued by a Japanese political scandal and fears of weak
corporate earnings. The market jumped more than 300 points in
the first half-hour, but selling by investment trusts then
pushed the index lower. Investors also were reluctant to buy
because of the pending holiday.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index climbed 26.2 points, or 1.05%, to end at 2516.3, which
was also its intraday high. The FT 30-stock index advanced
15.6 points to 1910.4. Volume was 519.7 million shares,
compared with 429.3 million a day earlier.
   Covering of bearish positions in the March FT-SE 100
futures contract led to a late surge in London prices, in
tandem with a strong opening performance on Wall Street.
London stocks also were supported by a steady showing from
the pound, which performed well on an increase by the Bank of
Spain in its official intervention rate. This move had little
effect on London's market, as it was intended to bring the
intervention rate in line with other Spanish rates, which
were increased last month, and didn't represent a fresh
tightening in policy.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 5.86 points to
1628.53. But the market's performance was uneven, with the
DAX fluctuating on selective buying and selling. For example,
the banking sector was slightly depressed by worries about an
impasse in 1992 wage talks and a resulting threat of strikes.
In addition, Russian officials were meeting with Western
banking officials on debt rescheduling and a possible
moratorium on interest payments. But the building sector
gained on expectations that German construction companies
will receive big orders in eastern Germany this year.
   The IG Metall metalworkers union declared the impasse in
its talks on wage increases in the steel industry for this
year. The rank and file may begin taking strike votes after
Jan. 26. Separately, IG Metall said it would initially seek a
9.5% pay increase when talks get under way next month with
employers on the nationwide metalworkers contract, which is
separate from the steel talks. This indicates a willingness
to accept less than 9.5%. The talks are especially
significant because the eventual accord will shape wages for
nearly four million western German workers in industries
ranging from steel and machine tools to autos, office
machines, shipbuilding and electronics.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Paris share prices gained on
bargain-hunting as investors shook off news about the German
wage talks and declining U.S. retail sales. Amsterdam stocks
gained largely because of short-covering ahead of Friday's
options expiration. Milan's rally was attributed to
short-covering before Wednesday's end of the January trading
cycle.
   Stocks gained overall on major Asian and Pacific
exchanges. Hong Kong's solid climb resulted partly from fund
managers reshuffling their portfolios and stocking up on
laggards, a more positive outlook toward Sino-U.S. trade
talks on intellectual property rights, and renewed
expectations of a cut in the colony's interest rates this
week. Selling by foreign investors pushed Wellington share
prices down. Seoul stocks' move higher was viewed as a
technical response to declines in the previous three
sessions.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British Petroleum
rose 8 pence, or 2.8%, to 294 pence ($5.29). BP said it will
withdraw from an estimated $5 billion project to develop a
liquefied natural gas industry in Qatar because of prospects
for an unsuitable return on investment. BP's 7.5% stake in
Qatargas, which was set up in 1984 to oversee the LNG
project, probably will be taken by the remaining
shareholders, which include state-run Qatar General Petroleum
and three other foreign partners.
   In Frankfurt, Thyssen fell 2.5 marks, or 1.2%, to 208
marks ($131.89). The steel and engineering concern's Thyssen
Stahl steel unit said its group profit for the year ended
Sept. 30 skidded 42% to 317 million marks ($201 million),
mostly because of a drop in world steel prices. Pretax profit
dropped 22% to 651 million marks. A 7.3% sales increase to
10.44 billion marks reflected new acquisitions. The
steelmaker said it expects results for the current fiscal
year to be "markedly worse," citing primarily continued low
steel prices, the relatively weak dollar and high wage
increases.
   Karstadt dropped 4 to 604. The retailer said its 1991
sales rose 13% to 19 billion marks; it didn't disclose
earnings.
   In Madrid, Banco Popular added 110 pesetas to 11,360
pesetas ($112.92). The bank's 1991 consolidated profit rose
15% to 49.69 billion pesetas ($493.9 million) from a year
earlier. Cash flow grew 7.7% to 112.18 billion pesetas. Net
interest income jumped 7.8% to 161.16 billion pesetas,
boosted by interest income that grew 6.8% to 328.6 billion
pesetas. Financing costs rose 5.9% to 167.44 billion pesetas.
Net return on assets was 2%, up from 1.9% in 1990, and net
return on equity was 29%, compared with 30%. Total assets
swelled 6.8% to 2.469 trillion pesetas.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % 1991
                                Jan 13    Jan 10     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .......................   387.0     387.7    + 26.1
 Britain ....................   735.4     732.6    + 15.1
 Canada .....................   404.5     404.3    + 10.3
 Japan ......................   931.4     955.3    -  6.3
 France .....................   515.2     518.9    + 21.5
 Germany ....................   250.7     247.9    + 11.1
 Hong Kong ..................  3133.1    3148.7    + 44.2
 Switzerland ................   212.4     212.7    + 25.8

 World index ................   520.1     524.5    + 12.7