Eljer Industries
   To Include Charges
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Karen Blumenthal
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Eljer recorded $27.1 million in charges in the second
quarter of last year and took smaller charges in the first
and third quarters for closing plants, for environmental
efforts and for its legal troubles.
   A federal judge ruled against Eljer in June in a dispute
over the timing of insurance coverage on problems with
plumbing systems made by its U.S. Brass Corp. unit. The
ruling most recently prompted the company to establish
reserves for payments that Eljer expected to receive from
insurers and for settlements and judgments in other
plumbing-liability cases that are on appeal. Eljer is
appealing the judge's ruling.
   The company, which failed to make interest and principal
payments on its bank debt in October, said it is still
talking with lenders about restructuring its borrowings; it
said it doesn't know what the outcome of those talks will be.
   Eljer also said its outside auditor probably will issue an
opinion on its financial statements that raises questions
about its debt and legal problems.
   In the fourth quarter of 1990, Eljer had a net loss of
$2.3 million, or 33 cents a share. It said it expects to
report fourth-quarter 1991 revenue of about $103.5 million,
down from $110.8 million in 1990. For the first nine months
of 1991, it had a net loss of $28.8 million, or $4.08 a
share, on revenue of $299.1 million.