Who's News:
   La Quinta Taps Mead
   To Succeed Barshop
   As President, Chief
In addition, La Quinta said that Francis P. Bissaillon,
43, a 12-year La Quinta veteran who was named chief operating
officer in July, resigned effective March 25. "I just wanted
to do something different," Mr. Bissaillon said in an
interview.
   Mr. Barshop said yesterday that he hasn't been involved in
the day-to-day operations in several years, and "this was
what the company needed." He said the changes aren't related
to the new board membership. However, others familiar with
the company contend that the appointment of Mr. Mead, who was
a partner in a large accounting firm before joining Motel 6
in 1987, underscores the new board's impatience with change
at the once high-flying company. Last summer, three large
shareholders won half the company's board seats and almost
immediately removed anti-takeover measures.
   Since then, Mr. Barshop has reduced his stake in the
company to roughly 3%, from 12%, by selling the shares to the
large shareholders. A group, including Thomas M. Taylor and
members of the Bass family, now owns about 20% of La Quinta.
An investment concern controlled by New Zealand financier Sir
Ronald Brierley owns about 20%; GeoCapital Corp., an
investment adviser, owns about 11.7%.