Business Brief:
   Kmart Net Rose 19% in Fourth Quarter,
   Helped by Strong Specialty-Store Results
Sales rose 8.3% to $10.56 billion from $9.75 billion.
   The fourth-quarter results were slightly better than
expected, reflecting a pretax credit of 15 cents a share for
adjusting inventories for inflation, compared with a
year-earlier credit of 13 cents a share.
   Earnings were bolstered by Kmart's specialty-stores
business, which includes such stores as Waldenbooks and
Builders Square. In fiscal 1992, sales at those stores soared
26% to $9.03 billion, while operating profit jumped 48% to
$245 million. Wayne Hood, an analyst with Prudential
Securities, said the division is doing "much better" than
expected.
   Those results helped offset slow sales of electronics and
other big-ticket items, which suffered in the "weak economic
environment," Kmart said. Generally, discount retailers like
Kmart fare better in a soft economy than pricier stores. "You
and I still have to buy" toothpaste and other health and
beauty aides, Mr. Hood said.
   Additionally, Kmart's continuing strategy to expand and
remodel stores is attracting more customers. The retailer
several years ago was forced to open more stores and
rejuvenate its look to compete with discounters Wal-Mart
Stores Inc. and Dayton Hudson Corp.'s Target chain. In fiscal
1992, Kmart opened 55 new full-size stores and enlarged 164.
By year end, the retailer had updated 682 stores, or roughly
one-thirds of its total stores.
   For fiscal 1992, Kmart's profit climbed 14% to $859
million, or $4.03 a share, from $756 million, or $3.78 a
share. Sales rose 7.8% to $34.58 billion from $32.07 billion.