Gulfstream Set
   To Be Public
   Company Again
   ----
   By Randall Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
If the stock sells at the midpoint of the range projected
by Morgan Stanley  Co., the underwriter, that would value
the equity at five times the price that Forstmann-led
investors paid to acquire Gulfstream from Chrysler Corp. in
March 1990.
   Gulfstream, a maker of business jet aircraft, based in
Savannah, Ga., also said yesterday that William Lowe,
Gulfstream's president and chief operating officer, will take
the additional post of chief executive officer on June 1.
   Mr. Lowe, who led the personal computer business at
International Business Machines Corp. in the mid-1980s,
joined Gulfstream last May from Xerox Corp. Gulfstream's
founder, Allen Paulson, 69 years old, remains chairman and
owns 32% of its stock.
   Gulfstream was one of the largest buy-outs organized since
the junk-bond market collapsed in mid-1989. Forstmann, a New
York-based buy-out firm, financed the acquisition with $100
million in equity, $300 million in 9.125% subordinated debt
raised from its own investors, and $450 million in bank debt.
   Currently, Gulfstream has 25.1 million shares outstanding.
It plans to sell five million new shares, priced between $19
and $21 each, to reduce bank debt. A $20-a-share price tag
would value the entire company's equity at $602 million.
   An offering statement filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission indicates that Gulfstream's losses
narrowed in 1991 to $49.7 million, or $1.95 a share, from
$131.6 million, or $5.16 a share, in 1990. Gulfstream's
revenue declined 9.2% to $887.2 million in 1991 from $976.9
million in 1990. The 1990 period included a $51.4 million
charge for an accounting change.
   The SEC filing indicates Gulfstream's 1991 operating
profit was $21.6 million before interest expense of $72.7
million.
   However, one expert estimated the company's 1991 cash flow
at more than $107 million, after adding back a $42.4 million
loss provision for declining values of used aircraft in
inventory, $30.1 million in amortization charges, and a $13.2
million accounting charge. That, he said, could be
competitive with the newly announced $600 million acquisition
of Cessna Aircraft Corp. by Textron Inc. "Wall Street is
going to have a field day figuring out real earnings," he
said.
   Henry Grodzinski, a spokesman for the General Aviation
Manufacturers Association, said that Gulfstream's business
"remained very strong during the recession." Gulfstream's
aircraft deliveries declined to 28 in 1991 from 31 in 1990
and 37 in 1989; but orders have increased to 31 in 1991 from
21 in 1990 and 29 in 1989.
   One way Gulfstream is cutting costs, the SEC filing
indicates, is on new-product development. Gulfstream plans to
spend only $50 million to develop its next generation
aircraft, the Gulfstream V, compared with a cost of $115
million for the Gulfstream IV.
   However, Gulfstream also is wrestling with a slumping
market for used business jets, which triggered the 1991 loss
provision on Gulfstream's inventory of used jets, which
totaled 15 at year end.
   The company often accepts used jets as trade-ins to
facilitate new sales. But about 90 used Gulfstream jets were
up for sale at year end, depressing the market price and
prompting some potential buyers to choose used jets over new
ones.
   The SEC filing said one reason for the sales decline is
that some of the used jets don't meet some local and foreign
antinoise standards. Gulfstream has promised a
noise-reduction kit by 1993, but such kits may reduce the
aircraft's range by as much as 10% due to their weight.