Chicago Merc Accuses
   Traders of Violations;
   Video Camera Is Used
The six traders have been accused of a variety of
violations, including pre-arranging trades, failing to
properly execute customer orders and falsifying trading
cards, people familiar with the investigation said. Floor
brokers and locals who trade for their own accounts allegedly
cooperated to fix trades, these people said.
   Exchange Chairman John F. Sandner wouldn't release the
traders' names or divulge details of the investigation. "I
will never comment on the specifics or merits of any case or
open investigation," Mr. Sandner said. "While our exchange
does not tolerate any impropriety and aggressively
investigates allegations of rule violations, we are mindful
of the rights of individuals to a fair and impartial
hearing."
   The Merc's Board of Directors voted to approve filming of
trades only when the exchange's compliance staff has reason
to believe violations are occurring.
   The videotapes are said to clearly show traders engaged in
serious violations of exchange rules. The rules provide for
penalties ranging from fines and suspensions to permanent
expulsion from the exchange.
   The Merc's regulator, the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission, and the Chicago U.S. attorney's office have the
power to subpoena the videotapes and exchange records. These
authorities could use the evidence to prepare criminal or
civil charges against the six traders, said one person
familiar with the investigation.