Here's One 900 Line That's Likely
   To Receive the Blessing of Parents
   ----
   By John A. Nichols
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The pope's message lasts an average of two minutes, Mr.
Fahringer says, and callers pay $1.95 a minute. "Being
optimistic, if, of the 55 million {Roman} Catholics in the
U.S., 1% call once a week, we can collect {more than} $2
million a week," he says. "Of that, the Vatican would receive
$600,000 to $700,000."
   American Telephone  Telegraph, the carrier for the
service, will take about a 40% cut. Global Telecom expects to
take 25%, for equipment rental, advertising "and to live on,"
Mr. Fahringer says. The Vatican will get at least one-third
of the revenue from the calls, he says. Ads for the service,
and a preamble on the phone line, will inform callers that
their payments will benefit the Vatican.
   The big unknown is how much business the line will draw.
"Unless a great deal of money is spent" on promotion,
900-number lines "are generally not successful," says Kenneth
McEldowney, president of the Consumer Federation of America.
   Mr. Fahringer says the venture is counting on support from
local parishes and churches in spreading the word. But that
may not materialize. "We would not promote the line in our
bulletin because it is just like a commercial," says the Rev.
Florian Gall of Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Whitehouse
Station, N.J.
   The Vatican set up a similar line through the Italian
phone company two years ago, but the service, in which
callers use international phone lines, got off to a bad start
and hasn't recovered. "The problem was, the pope spoke in
such broken English that callers were turned off," says Mr.
McEldowney, who sampled it.
   Mr. Fahringer says the pope has been working on his
English since then. Global Telecom also hopes to develop U.S.
papal lines in languages in which the pope is less fallible,
including French, Italian, Spanish and his native Polish.