Letters to the Editor:
   No Place in the Sun
   For Our Own Mothers
She rents a small, two-bedroom house that needs a lot of
work, drives an old car that also needs work, and receives
food stamps and other government subsidies in order to
survive. She called me last week very excited; she received
her W-2 form and was going to receive a whopping $384 federal
tax refund on her yearly income of slightly less than $8,000.
(I really feel sorry for that poor woman whose investment
income was $6,500 last year.)
   My mother has no investments and no extra money for CDs,
mutual funds or stocks. Her "leisure activity" is limited to
the local bingo hall -- certainly not golf -- and she
sometimes buys lottery tickets in hopes of hitting the big
one. Each month my husband and I send money to her because we
know she needs the help, and it makes us feel good when she
says she used the money to pay her rent, or phone bill, or
utility bill.
   The same picture can be shown for my husband's mother,
with a few differences. She's unemployed (recently laid off
from a low-paying job with no benefits), divorced and living
on government subsidies with no health insurance. She lives
with aches and pains -- afraid to go to a doctor because she
can't afford it. Her credit cards finally got the worst of
her after she charged such things as propane gas for her home
heating. She owns a small house with a monthly mortgage
payment of $184 that she can barely afford. All her kids
pitch in a little each month to help pay it. This is the
reality for a lot of other people in the U.S. Maybe it's time
for those Sun City people to get a reality check and tap into
their principal.
   Annette Vigil
   Denver