World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Move Up; London Prices Weaken,
   Pressured by Losses in Pharmaceutical Issues
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Tuesday, the Nikkei index fell 155.52 points to close
the morning session at 21332.30.
   Monday's first-section volume was estimated at 200 million
shares, little changed from 196.7 million shares on Friday.
Gainers outnumbered decliners, 564-370, and 182 issues
finished unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which added 0.84 point Friday, rose
6.58 points to 1561.07.
   Trading was helped by continued buying of shares in
biotechnology companies and companies with activities related
to acquired immune deficiency syndrome. No new money overall
was flowing into stocks. The market is expected to remain
trapped in narrow ranges before Friday's scheduled release by
the Bank of Japan of its quarterly survey of business
sentiment.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index fell 7.8 points to 2554.3, which also was the intraday
peak. The FT 30-stock index declined 1.8 points to 1981.2.
Volume was 438.6 million shares, compared with 449.7 million
shares in the previous session.
   News in early London trading that Wellcome's largest
shareholder, the Wellcome Trust, planned to reduce its 73.6%
stake in the giant drug concern to perhaps as low as 25%
depressed the pharmaceutical sector. The nonprofit charity's
global share sale could be valued at as much as #5 billion
($8.79 billion). Wellcome is best known for AZT, also called
Retrovir, a drug that slows the progress of AIDS, and for
Zoviraz, which combats the herpes virus.
   Demand for Wellcome shares is strong, and putting more of
them in circulation was viewed as a short-term negative
factor for the company. The trust's news depressed other
pharmaceutical issues because fund managers will have to
raise their weightings in Wellcome at the expense of other
drug stocks.
   Wellcome shares tumbled 60 pence, or 5.4%, to #10.66
($18.71) on turnover of 4.2 million shares; the stock is
expected to rebound today.
   The drop in Wellcome stock shaved about 4.5 points off the
100-share index, which otherwise would have had a flat
performance. Turnover in most blue chips was light, because
of the prospect of another week of gloomy results from some
major British companies, combined with political uncertainty,
as a new opinion poll gave the opposition Labor Party a
narrow lead over the ruling Conservatives in the coming
elections.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 2.74 points to
1747.87, recovering from an early decline in turnover that
was quiet, as a carnival holiday was observed in some German
states. Positive corporate earnings predictions by analysts
spurred the moderate gains.
   In Paris, stocks ended down but off their lows, in trading
that was becalmed because a school vacation allowed many
Paris business people to go out of town with their families.
In Madrid, a weak showing by insurers and banks damped market
sentiment and shares ended lower. In Stockholm, stocks
advanced broadly, partly because of expectations of lower
Swedish interest rates and of the return of major market
players after the traditional weeklong winter holiday in the
Stockholm area. Brussels shares surged in heavy trading, as
investors bought cyclical industrial shares in anticipation
of a broad economic recovery.
   Hong Kong, after a day of roller-coaster trading, logged
moderate gains and finshed at a fourth consecutive record
close. In Seoul, after the past few weeks' declines, stocks
surged broadly, though they ended off the day's highs after a
wave of selling amid caution about the rapid rise; issues
with low price-earnings ratios led the rally.
   Among other corporate developments, Bowater eased 3 pence
to 765 pence ($13.43) in London trading. The diversified
packaging and building materials company has agreed to buy
two specialty packaging companies for a total of #444 million
($779.4 million), including debt to be assumed. The
acquisitions are to be funded largely by a 1-for-3 rights
issue at 605 pence a share, or #333.5 million. Bowater also
posted a 0.4% slip in 1991 pretax profit to #112.7 million
from a year earlier, in line with market expectations. The
annual dividend is to be raised 4.8% to 22 pence a share.
   Hillsdown Holdings rose 2 to 152. To reduce further its
exposure to nonfood operations, the diversified food company
confirmed that it plans to float shares of its Fairview New
Homes subsidiary late this year or early next year. Analysts
estimated that the sale would raise about #100 million.
   In Sydney, Boral added 3 Australian cents to 3.29
Australian dollars (US$2.48). The building materials and oil
concern's after-tax operating profit for the first half ended
Dec. 31 fell 29% to A$91.3 million (US$68.8 million). The
dividend was slashed 33% to 8 cents a share. Boral forecast
improved but subdued conditions for the fiscal second half,
and flat results.
   In Amsterdam, Buehrmann-Tetterode fell 0.90 guilder to
43.10 guilders ($23.37). The office products, paper and
graphics company said that its 1991 profit plunged 60% to
103.1 million guilders ($55.9 million) and that it would
slash its 1991 dividend 21% to 2.2 guilders a share.
   In Madrid, where profit-taking dragged the market down,
Telefonica dropped 30 pesetas, or 2.5%, to 1,175 pesetas
($11.38).
   The Spanish state-run telecommunications monopoly's 1991
consolidated profit climbed 33% to 103.91 billion pesetas
($1.01 billion). The consolidated results, the first ever
posted by Telefonica, included data from all concerns in
which the company holds at least a 50% stake and pretax
profit from those in which it holds between 20% and 50%.
Consolidated profit was boosted by 20.06 billion pesetas in
extraordinary income from the sale of Telefonica's 10%
shareholding in the Italian telecommunications concern.
   In Stockholm, Esselte fell 5 Swedish kronor, or 3.6%, to
135 kronor ($22.71). The office-supplies company, in a
preliminary report, said it had a 1991 pretax loss of 416
million kronor ($69.9 million), compared with year-earlier
pretax profit of 145 million krona. The latest results were
dragged down by one-time operating costs, including personnel
reductions and plant closings, of 558 million kronor. Without
the one-time costs, Esselte would have had 1991 pretax profit
of 142 million kronor, compared with the year-earlier 145
million kronor.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                 % This
                                Feb 28   Feb 27    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .........................  386.2    387.2   - 1.0
 Britain ......................  761.5    761.5   + 3.3
 Canada .......................  405.1    405.1   + 2.4
 Japan ........................  893.7    891.9   - 9.7
 France .......................  558.5    558.2  + 11.6
 Germany ......................  269.7    269.4  + 10.9
 Hong Kong .................... 3625.9   3604.2  + 17.1
 Switzerland ..................  226.3    225.1  + 10.4
 Australia ....................  345.1    346.8   - 1.8
 World index ..................  514.4    515.0   - 3.9
   ---
   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

 ISSUE (COUNTRY)                             CLOSE     %CHG
                                                                                                       

                     WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Mochida Pharmaceutical (Japan) ...........  3320.0    +50.9
 Elec  Eltek (Hong Kong) .................     0.435  +20.8
 Dickson Concepts (Hong Kong) .............     6.70   +18.6
 Hachette (France) ........................   180.0    +18.0
 Midland Bank (England) ...................     2.670  +16.1
 Yamatake-Honeywell (Japan) ...............  1560.0    +14.7
 Adia Bon (Swiss) .........................    86.50   +14.6
 Tucson Electric Power (U.S.) .............     8.0    +14.3
 Regal Hotels Int'l (Hong Kong) ...........     1.130  +14.1
 Remy Cointreau (France) ..................   210.0    +14.1
                                                                                                       

                      LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Norske Bank A Fri (Norway) ...............    10.50   -34.4
 Pasminco (Australia) .....................     1.20   -21.6
 Royal Insurance Hldgs (England) ..........     1.830  -16.4
 Fay Richwhite  Co. (N.Zealand) ..........     0.870  -15.5
 Meidensha (Japan) ........................  1040.0    -14.8
 Gota A (Sweden) ..........................    18.0    -14.3
 Brunswick Corp.  (U.S.) ..................    14.750  -12.6
 Berisford Int'l (England) ................     0.175  -12.5
 Ence (Spain) .............................  1550.0    -12.4
 Norske Bank A (Norway) ...................     6.40   -12.3
                                                                                                       

 Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective