Owens-Corning
   Posts Big Loss,
   But Stock Soars
   ---
   Deficit of $529 Million Tied
   To Claims on Asbestos;
   Charge Calms Investors
   ----
   By Jacqueline Mitchell
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The $800 million noncash charge reduced the Toledo, Ohio,
fiberglass-products maker's earnings by $12.36 a share. But
Wall Street responded favorably to the announcement released
yesterday morning. Merrill Lynch  Co. and Goldman, Sachs 
Co. boosted their ratings on the stock, which was quoted at
$36.50 a share, up $7.625 or 26%, in late New York Stock
Exchange trading. The issue led the Big Board's most-active
list.
   Financial analysts said this was the first time
Owens-Corning attempted to estimate its liabilities for
payouts in asbestos claims and related legal expenses beyond
a year. In the past, the year-to-year uncertainty had made
analysts apprehensive about Owens-Corning's financial future.
   But now, with $800 million reserved to cover
asbestos-related costs through the year 2000, analysts say
they get a clearer picture of the company's financial health.
"This is our best estimate of these uninsured costs," said
Glen H. Hiner, OwensCorning chairman and chief executive
officer. "We will make adjustments to our reserves if that
becomes appropriate."
   Mr. Hiner left an executive position at General Electric
Co. in January to assume his current position at
Owens-Corning. When he arrived, Mr. Hiner said, "I found that
there was a big need to get this asbestos situation behind
the company."
   Owens-Corning stopped making products with asbestos in
1972 but still has a huge problem with potential liabilities.
The company said it was hit with 20,700 new asbestos-related
claims in 1991, down from about 22,700 in 1990. The company
had settled some 71,000 personal injury cases through Dec.
31. Average settlement costs were $9,300 a case.
   In addition, Owens-Corning yesterday also took a charge of
$277 million for all of 1991, related to a change in
accounting for post-retirement benefits, excluding pensions.
That charge further reduced Owens-Corning fourth-quarter
earnings by 16 cents a share.
   Without the two charges, Owens-Corning said it would have
posted fourth-quarter earnings of $3 million, or seven cents
a share, compared with earnings of $18 million, or 42 cents a
share, before a special restructuring charge a year earlier.
   For the year, the company reported a loss of $742 million,
or $17.52 a share, compared with 1990 earnings of $73
million, or $1.73 a share. Sales for the year fell 9.3% to
$2.78 billion from $3.07 billion a year earlier.