Business Brief:
   Heinz Earnings Fell 11% in Quarter;
   Increased Ads, Restructuring Costs Cited
Heinz said its sales rose 2% to $1.62 billion in the third
quarter as a result of an aggressive price-cutting campaign.
The growth, however, came in U.S. markets, while sales in the
United Kingdom, Europe and Canada dropped because of an
economic slowdown abroad.
   The company's continued troubles prompted industry
analysts to question whether Heinz, which enjoyed
double-digit earnings growth in the 1980s, can turn things
around. "They don't have any killer product lines," said
William Maguire, an analyst at Merrill Lynch Research.
"Everything in their arsenal is very, very mature, except for
Weight Watchers frozen foods. A lot pivots on their ability
to get Weight Watchers earnings back on track."
   Chairman Anthony J.F. O'Reilly said he expects a 12%
increase in net income for fiscal 1992. That figure, however,
reflects a one-time, 51-cent-a-share gain on this year's sale
of Hubinger Co., an Iowa cornmilling company. Disregarding
the Hubinger sale, the year's earnings will be down about
11%, says John M. McMillin, an analyst with Prudential
Securities Inc.
   Analysts, while uniformly forecasting another weak
performance in the fourth quarter, are predicting somewhat
improved results in fiscal 1993 -- provided that this year's
cost-cutting measures, along with the aggressive promotion of
Weight Watchers frozen foods, pay off.