Congress Pushes
   To Curb Pentagon
   On Health Benefits
   ----
   By Andy Pasztor
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Instead of expanding the responsibility of individual
hospital commanders over the quality, cost and availability
of care, as advocated by the Pentagon, Congress appears ready
to adopt tough new language going in the opposite direction.
Lawmakers are expected to direct the Pentagon to try to hold
down costs and improve coordination of services by looking
increasingly to private contractors able to process claims
and negotiate discounts for large groups of patients with
military and civilian health-care providers.
   The issue of providing health care for some nine million
active-duty personnel, military retirees and their families
around the world has been a point of contention between
Congress and the Pentagon for years. It is likely to come to
a head during a House subcommittee hearing today, when nearly
a dozen groups representing beneficiaries will testify in
favor of the private-industry initiative, which is centered
around Foundation Health Corp.
   The Sacramento-based company already is among the nation's
top 30 defense contractors, and Rep. John Murtha (D., Pa.),
chairman of the House panel, is eager to expand the use of
private contractors to manage health care. A powerful critic
of such experiments, Rep. Beverly Byron (D., Md.), lost a
primary race earlier this month and, therefore, isn't likely
to have much influence in the debate.
   Quite apart from the broad policy debate, critics paint
the bureaucracy headed by Dr. Enrique Mendez, the Pentagon's
chief medical official, as rigid, insensitive and slow to
adjust to the impact of base closings and shrinking Pentagon
budgets. A spokeswoman said Dr. Mendez wasn't available to
comment.