Westinghouse
   Cut Lego's Pay
   By $1.5 Million
   ---
   Board Eliminated '91 Bonus
   But Offered Incentives
   For a Company Rebound
   ----
   By Gabriella Stern
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Westinghouse directors, while eliminating any bonus in
1991, are offering Mr. Lego 700,000 shares at $22.28 each as
an incentive to turn the company around, and another $1.1
million to meet unspecified goals by 1993, according to the
company's 1992 proxy statement.
   In the last 52 weeks, Westinghouse shares have traded at
between $30.50 and $13.75 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Yesterday, Westinghouse closed at $19.50, down 25 cents.
   In his letter to shareholders in the company's
just-released annual report, Mr. Lego expressed doubts about
the company's outlook in coming months. "Few of our
operations have seen evidence of any near-term rebounding of
the nation's economy," Mr. Lego wrote. Moreover, in a new
filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
credit unit warned that a continued recession and weak real
estate markets "could result in increased credit losses and
additional reserves." Over the last four quarters,
Westinghouse took $2.6 billion in pretax charges as a result
of loan losses, mainly real estate properties, in its credit
unit.
   The credit unit's problems aren't entirely over. According
to the SEC filing, the credit unit is being sued for $900
million by several real estate concerns controlled by
developers Bob and Ed Tonti of New Orleans. The lawsuit
alleges, in part, that Westinghouse concealed foreclosed real
estate properties as mortgage loans so that both the company
and developers could wait for the value of the properties to
be restored. The lawsuit alleges that Westinghouse later
tried to collect on those supposed mortgage loans from the
Tontis. Westinghouse denies any wrongdoing.
   Westinghouse directors, while cutting Mr. Lego's
compensation, generously rewarded Leo W. Yochum, the former
chief financial officer lured out of retirement last
September to run Westinghouse's troubled financial services
unit. The board awarded the 64-year-old Mr. Yochum $800,000
up front and another $80,000 a month for up to 12 months.
Though a member of the board, Mr. Yochum doesn't receive
board member compensation.
   Westinghouse directors also cut the pay of the company's
14 top executives, reducing their total compensation to about
$4 million from nearly $11 million the previous year. For
example, Ted Stern, senior executive vice president in charge
of power generation, received base pay of $360,000 in 1991,
down from $820,826, while B.B. Staniar, chairman of the
company's broadcast unit, received $354,996, down from
$729,996, and executive vice president and general counsel R.
F. Pugliese received $304,494, down from $684,664.