Canada to Challenge
   U.S. Rule That Curbs
   Duty Free Treatment
The U.S. ruling, which involved the treatment of interest
expenses in calculating North American production costs for
duty purposes, is jeopardizing duty free access to the U.S.
market for Cami and the Asian-owned auto plants in Canada.
   To qualify for duty free treatment under the free trade
agreement, 50% of the direct production costs of any vehicle
has to be incurred in Canada and the U.S. The U.S. ruled last
year that of a manufacturers' interest costs, only mortgage
interest charges could be included in North American
production costs. The Canadian government said North American
production costs should include any interest paid in relation
to land, equipment and buildings used in the production of
goods.
   The Canadian government has asked the Canada-United States
Trade Commission, which oversees the trade agreement, to
establish a trade panel to deal with the dispute. Such panels
may be established at the request of either country to settle
differences that arise over the interpretation or application
of the free trade agreement.
   U.S. customs officials are currently auditing auto
shipments from Cami and Asian-owned plants in Canada to
determine if they meet the free trade agreement's local
content criteria for duty free access.