World Stock Markets:
   Tokyo's Nikkei Index Sinks to 5-Year Low;
   Few Optimistic About Long Decline's End
   ----
   By Michael R. Sesit and Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Mostly, they aren't optimistic. "Is the market good value?
Nope," said Christian Wignall, chief investment officer at GT
Capital Management Inc. in San Francisco. "At about 40 times
earnings, the price-earnings multiple is still too high."
Furthermore, he said, Japanese corporate earnings are
deteriorating rapidly, which makes stocks look even more
overvalued and the ratio even less appealing, particularly to
investors looking for bargains.
   "Clearly there is capacity for several more cuts in the
(official) discount rate, and that could bolster the market,"
Mr. Wignall said. "But the fundamental factor is that,
intrinsically, there is very little there to attract people
to buy the market. The P-E is too high, the dividend yield at
0.6% is derisory, and the profits outlook is very poor."
   In the medium term, said Peter Davies, a vice president at
the U.S. subsidiary of Nomura Securities Co. in New York,
"There's still a lot of negative sentiment among Tokyo
investment managers, primarily because the economy is still
showing signs of slowing" and because many companies are
reducing inventories, rather than buying new items or
increasing their manufacturing capacity.
   After falling steadily for most of Monday, the Nikkei
average finished at 19837.16, down 618.90 points, or 3.03%
below Friday's close. It was the Tokyo market's lowest finish
since February 1987. Volume was an estimated 200 million
shares, slightly more than on many recent days but far less
than Friday's 669.2 million. Declining issues overwhelmed
gaining issues 763-231, while 129 issues ended unchanged. The
Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first section
issues, which fell 8.21 points Friday, slumped 19.14 points,
or 1.31%, to 1444.86.
   So far this year, the Nikkei is down 13.6%. It is a
stunning 49% below its record high of 38915.87, set on the
last day of trading in December 1989.
   Stocks continued to fall Tuesday, with the Nikkei slipping
a further 129.37 points to close the morning session at
19707.79. Volume was an estimated 150 million shares, higher
than the recent average for the morning, which has been 100
million or less.
   "We're looking at the abyss, which would be a spike down
to 18000," said Guy Howard, deputy general manager at S.G.
Warburg Securities (Japan.) He added that for all the selling
there wasn't any sense of panic in the market.
   Investment trusts, Japan's mutual funds, were big sellers,
liquidating their holdings on expectation of investor
redemptions. Foreigners were not seen as big sellers in the
market.
   So gloomy is investor sentiment that even some blue-chip
companies are trading near their book value, or net worth on
a per-share basis. In one extreme case, Nissan Motor closed
Monday at 565 yen ($4.23) a share, or 87% of book value.
   After Japanese investors finished pummelling their own
stocks in Tokyo trading, U.S. investors traded heavily in
warrants that allow them to bet on the direction of the
Nikkei index. The American Stock Exchange lists two "call"
warrants, which rise in value if stock prices in Japan rise,
as well as six "put" warrants, which increase in value if
Japanese stock prices fall. In American Stock Exchange
trading yesterday, the puts did better.
   Put warrants issued by PaineWebber were particularly
active, with 370,500 warrants traded yesterday. They closed
at $11.625, up 62.5 cents, after hitting an intraday high of
$12.
   But PaineWebber's calls also were actively traded, with
101,700 warrants changing hands. They closed unchanged at
$1.125 after being down earlier in the day, as some investors
apparently decided to speculate on a rebound in Japan.
   If the Nikkei stays at Monday's closing level for long,
the weak stock market will harm Japanese banks, securities
houses and the companies that depend upon them, analysts
said. Investor psychology, already poor, will be further
damaged.
   Yesterday's plunge came on the same day that Teikoku Data
Bank Ltd., a private research institution, reported that
Japanese corporate bankruptcies in February rose 56.2% from a
year earlier. It marked the 17th consecutive month that
business failures were on the climb.
   Far worse than the one-day 600-odd point loss, Tokyo
traders said, was the effect on the public mind of a Nikkei
under 20000, with no evident effort by regulators to shore up
the market.
   "Investors are going to be cool" to the market, said
Takatoshi Okuyama, a general manager at Daiwa Securities Co.
in Tokyo. "This was an important support" level. He predicted
that for the next few months, the market would be "stagnant,
but it won't crash."
   While some people are expecting some kind of
market-supporting statement from either the Finance Ministry
or the Bank of Japan, James Walsh, president of Prudential
Securities (Japan) Ltd. in Tokyo, said, "I don't know what
they can say."
   Indeed, late Monday, Finance Minister Tsutomu Hata
reportedly said the ministry isn't considering any moves to
support the stock market.
   The Japanese government has already taken some steps, so
far to little avail. "For the most part, market participants
are indicating that for them to seriously re-enter the stock
market, they are going to have to see signs of clear
fundamental economic improvement, rather than signs of
Japanese government market-assistance measures," Mr. Davies
of Nomura said.
   Policy makers are left with few tools to accelerate that
process. Analysts and traders already expect the central bank
to cut its key discount interest rate, at which the central
bank lends to financial institutions, from the current 4.5%.
That would be the fourth such cut since last July. Traders
also anticipate a supplementary government budget aimed at
stimulating the economy.
   Indeed, the rate cut, expected to be about one-half
percentage point, has been anticipated for so long that it is
likely to have little immediate effect on the market, or
possibly on the economy.
   A half percentage-point cut "won't be enough," said
Kenneth Courtis, first vice president at DB Capital Markets
(Asia) Ltd. He said that because most companies were "so
convinced (the Nikkei) wouldn't go below 20000," now they
will cut back "on capital expenditure, wage concessions,
inventories, even research."
   Mr. Davies said that Nomura's economists generally "expect
to see some sort of recovery phase beginning in the fall."
   Mr. Okuyama of Daiwa said that if there is further
selling, the market's next support level is about 19350. That
level would put the market under its monthly average value
since 1982, which is 19810.
   Westerners were more pessimistic. "We've been underweight
and will continue to be underweight in the Japanese market,
particularly through the end of March, the close of the
(Japanese) fiscal year," said Sheila Coco, a senior vice
president at Fiduciary Trust Co. International in New York.
Fiduciary Trust has only 10% of its overseas funds invested
in the Japanese stock market, compared with a market
weighting of 47.4% for Morgan Stanley Capital International's
Europe Australia Far East index.
   "We still have concern about selling by the "tokkin" funds
(Japanese corporate investment funds), the stock-related
political scandals and the related political problems of
Prime Minister (Kiichi) Miyazawa," Ms. Coco said. She also
pointed to "the selling pressure within the market, plus the
foreigners have stopped their buying, removing one support
from the market." She said that Fiduciary Trust will take a
fresh look at Japanese stocks after the end of the fiscal
year on March 31 or "if a correction brought the market down
to between 17000 and 18000 on the Nikkei."
   Mr. Wignall of GT Capital believes it might take a Nikkei
drop to 15000 to tempt foreign investors back in. That is a
level that would roughly match the Japanese economy's 5%
average annual growth rate since 1986, when the Tokyo stock
market's last bull run began at about 12000 on the Nikkei.
   "Thus, at about just under 20000, it's still roughly 4000
too high," said Mr. Wignall said.
   For some companies, even a stagnant stock market spells
disaster. Securities houses badly need an improvement in
trading volume if they are to see profitability next year.
This fiscal year, which ends March 31, has already been
written off.
   For several Japanese banks, the low Nikkei, along with the
weakening yen, means an erosion in asset values, which makes
it hard to meet capital-adequacy ratios required by the Bank
for International Settlements. A low BIS rating could have a
disastrous effect on the banks' cost of international
borrowing, and thus on profits.
   BIS valuations won't come into effect until March 1993.
Long before then, however, banks are likely to grow even more
careful about their lending, to minimize loan defaults. That
is bad news to economic planners, who are trying to pull
Japan out of recession.
   Banks got no cheer from the bankruptcies report, either.
The 1,056 bankruptcy cases in February were valued at a total
of 457.08 billion yen ($3.42 billion), 39% more than in
February 1991. Mr. Courtis of DB Capital noted that banks
could feel pressure to liquidate some of their better
overseas holdings to shore up local problems.
   Monday's plunge of the Nikkei adds another measure of
doubt in the minds of Japanese investors already coping with
reports of government scandal, questionable trading practices
by some Japanese securities companies, and eroding corporate
confidence.
   ---
   Other Markets
                                                                                                       

   In London, share prices ended a lackluster session lower,
as the coming national election in Britain swept major
investment decision-makers to the sidelines. The Financial
Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index eased 5.3 points to
2470.7. The FT 30-stock index declined 4.9 points to 1930.9.
Volume shrank to 363.6 million shares from 555.7 million
shares in the previous session.
   London prices opened steady, though amid sparse activity,
but most shares started stumbling on worries about weekend
political opinion polls that showed an absence of any clear
winner in the April 9 British elections. Stock prices weren't
affected by the publication of the opposition Labor Party's
alternative budget or the release of the Liberal Democratic
Party's political manifesto.
   In Frankfurt, prices eased across the board. The DAX
30-stock index dropped 7.84 points to 1724.80, as the market
continued its recent consolidation. Of the DAX stocks, only
four advanced and 26 declined. Trading was thin.
   Elsewhere in Europe, where big bourses had soft
performances overall, partly in reaction to the Tokyo plunge,
Milan share prices ended lower as a wave of selling, ahead of
the early-April election in Italy, knocked a main index under
its benchmark level. Paris stocks lost almost 1% on selling
at the opening following the Tokyo debacle, and the unloading
worsened when New York prices opened softer.
   Among Asian and Pacific exchanges, Sydney shares started
firmer but ended lower, cued by Tokyo's skid, which also
caused Singapore stocks' nose dive. Hong Kong shares' slight
drop resulted from profit-taking after last week's big gains.
The Taipei and Manila markets' declines each came on
political uncertainties.
   Among corporate developments, in Frankfurt, Bayerische
Hypotheken-  Wechselbank fell 3.30 marks to 414 marks
($248.36). The bank plans a 910.8 million-mark ($546.4
million) capital increase in the first half, under which
current shareholders are to be offered one newly issued
share, priced at 330 marks, for every six they already own.
The new stock is to pay a dividend for 1992.
   In Paris, LaFarge-Coppee slumped 8 French francs, or 2.3%,
to 337 francs ($59.53). The cement and construction materials
group 1991 profit, after payments to minority interests, sank
44% to 1.23 billion francs ($217.3 million) from a year
earlier. Lafarge said it intended to maintain the net
dividend at 9 francs a share. Among other things, the company
blamed the profit decline on the drop in construction
activity in recession-hit North America.
   In Sydney, Pacific Dunlop closed unchanged at 5.14
Australian dollars (US$3.88). The food, rubber and
diversified manufacturing concern's after-tax operating
profit for the first half ended Dec. 31 fell 16% to A$107.8
million (US$81.4 million). The results were in line with the
company's previous forecast.
   In Amsterdam, where share prices softened overall, Fokker
gave up 0.30 guilder to 34.70 guilders ($18.50). Italy's
state-controlled engineering group Finmeccanica, which
operates the Alenia aeronautics unit, disclosed that it holds
a 6.02% stake in the Dutch aircraft builder. Industry sources
speculated that the holding could be linked to a wider
collaboration agreement between the two companies on
development of mid-sized planes, but Finmeccanica declined to
elaborate.
   Wolters declined 0.70 to 68.80. The publishing concern's
1991 profit rose 24% to 214 million guilders ($114.1
million). Wolters attributed the performance to growth and
acquisitions in its core activities, and said it expects 1992
earnings to increase.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                  Mar 13    Mar 12    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ........................    380.6     378.6     - 2.5
 Britain .....................    738.8     744.3     + 0.2
 Canada ......................    391.5     392.5     - 1.1
 Japan .......................    839.6     842.7     -15.1
 France ......................    550.3     548.6     +10.0
 Germany .....................    267.6     267.5     +10.0
 Hong Kong ...................   3732.8    3704.5     +20.6
 Switzerland .................    220.1     220.2     + 7.4
 Australia ...................    339.2     340.3     - 3.4
 World index .................    492.9     491.9     - 7.9
   ---
               Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

  ISSUE                 (COUNTRY)      CLOSE    %CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Aguila (El) (Spain).............    1475.0       +22.4
 Mountleigh Group (England)......       0.083     +17.9
 Lotus Development (U.S.) .......      38.625     +17.5
 Int'l Corona (Canada) ..........       4.950     +16.5
 Deckel (Friedrich) (Germany)....     118.0       +13.5
 Oerlikon-Buehrle (Swiss)........     415.0       +13.4
 Forsayth (Australia) ...........       0.180     +12.5
 Ence (Spain)....................    1500.0       +11.9
 Enron (U.S.)....................      37.875     +11.8
 Kansallis-Osake (Finland).......      15.50      +10.7
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES

 European Leisure (England)......       0.035     -41.7
 Bonifiche Siele (Italy).........   27400.0       -19.6
 Lonrho (England)................       0.950     -19.5
 Norske Bank A Frie (Norway).....      15.0       -16.7
 CSK (Japan).....................    3050.0       -16.4
 Costain Group (England).........       0.550     -15.4
 Mitsui Taiyo Kobe Bank (Japan)..    1120.0       -15.2
 Sumitomo Trust (Japan)..........    1060.0       -13.8
 Surveillance (SGS) Bon (Swiss)..    1250.0       -13.2
 Homestake Mining (U.S.).........      13.50      -12.9
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective Stock