GE Net Rose 1.9%
   In Quarter, Aided
   By Financial Unit
   ----
   By Michael W. Miller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the full year, GE's earnings rose 3.1% to $4.44
billion, or $5.10 a share, from $4.30 billion, or $4.85 a
share, in 1990, excluding the effect of a big accounting
change. The change, adopted in 1991 to follow a new
accounting rule for retiree health benefits, reduced 1991 net
income by $1.80 billion, or $2.07 a share, to $2.64 billion
or $3.03 a share.
   Revenue for the full year rose 3.1% to $60.23 billion from
$58.41 billion in 1990.
   While GE had mixed results in many of its businesses, it
said net income in financial services profits rose 17% in the
year to $1.28 billion. Non-earning assets, which is a closely
watched indicator of that business's health, decreased by
about $300 million in each of the last two quarters of 1991.
   The company didn't disclose the total value of its
non-earning assets, and said the total number was still
higher at the end of 1991 than at the end of 1990.
   GE also cited lower cost of borrowing and "improved"
performance in its Kidder, Peabody  Co. investment-banking
unit. It didn't break out specific results for Kidder but
said the company was profitable in 1991, after posting an
operating loss in 1990.
   GE didn't disclose fourth-quarter results for its
different businesses, but said it had strong profit gains in
the full year in power systems; aircraft engines, and
technical products and services.
   GE said it had weak results in its appliance and
industrial businesses, and "significantly lower" operating
profit in its materials business. Aerospace operating profit
was flat, with productivity improvements offsetting lower
revenue.
   It also said its National Broadcasting Co. unit posted
"sharply lower" operating profit in the year, hurt by
sluggish advertising markets and lower ratings.
   In a statement, GE Chairman John F. Welch Jr. voiced
subdued optimism about the company's prospects in the coming
year, saying he's "confident of GE's ability to deal
effectively with the 1992 environment."
   GE's stock fell $2.50 to close at $78 in New York Stock
Exchange composite trading yesterday. The fourth-quarter
results were in line with Wall Street's expectations, and
securities analysts attributed the drop to broader
stock-market weakness yesterday.