Hat Brands Sets Initial Public Offering
   Of 2.2 Million Shares to Reduce Debt
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Sales of Hat Brands, which sells a wide variety of felt,
wool and straw toppers from $5,000 western hats to baseball
caps endorsed by pro athletes, have doubled to $87 million
since 1987. It sells such brands as Miller Bros., London Fog
and Dobbs, as well as caps through sports stores and mass
merchandisers. The sales growth has been aided by a number of
acquisitions. In 1985, it bought the Resistol brand from Levi
Strauss  Co. and in late 1987 acquired manufacturing
facilities and exclusive rights to the domestic use of the
Stetson brand name from John B. Stetson Co., then operating
under Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law proceedings.
   In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
the company proposes to sell 2.2 million shares -- 1.8
million by the company and 400,000 by shareholders -- at an
estimated offering price range of $10.50 to $12.50 a share.
At $11.50 a share, the offering would value the company at
about $57 million, based on five million shares outstanding,
including exercise of warrants held by investors. The company
said it would use the $18.4 million it expects to raise to
repay debt, which totaled $43.9 million at the end of 1991.
   Most of the other shares will be sold by General Electric
Capital Corp. (200,000) and the General Electric Pension
Trust (50,000). Bear, Stearns  Co., the underwriter, has an
option for an additional 330,000 shares to cover
overallotments.
   The offering will leave Mr. Joel, who also serves as
president and chief executive officer, firmly in control of
the company, owning about 41% of the company. His contract
runs through mid-1996.
   The filing sketches the structure of the hat business,
noting that its western hats range in price from $50 to
$5,000, with a typical retail price of $125 for felt hats and
$50 for straw hats. A third of its western hat sales, which
totaled $50.1 million last year, are from straw hats. The
cone bodies for the straw hats are generally made in East
Asia from "factory-spun paper yarn," then shipped to plants
in Texas and Missouri, where the bodies are trimmed, molded
and shaped. The material for felt western hats is processed
in New Jersey, and molded into "rough hat bodies" in Texas,
before finishing at two other locations.
   Western hats account for 51% of sales; athletic caps, 35%;
and dress and casual hats the remaining 14%.
   The company sells through a wide variety of retailers,
including western specialty stores, chain stores, department
stores, clothing stores and sporting goods retailers. It
traces the Stetson brand back to 1868 and Resistol to 1927.
   It sells dress hats through leased departments in about
250 retail men's clothing stores, and fields several dozen
commissioned sales personnel around the country. It holds
nonexclusive licenses with college and professional sports
groups for its athletic caps. Hat Brands says it has an
advantage over foreign cap makers because it can respond
rapidly to changing customer preferences "based on the
popularity of a particular sports team, celebrity or major
sporting event." It adds that imports aren't a significant
factor in the western headwear market.
   Over the past five years, earnings have ranged from
$400,000 in 1990 to as high as $2.5 million in 1988, and
totaled $2.1 million last year, when interest expense was a
hefty $8.5 million.
   The company plans to list the shares under the symbol HATS
on the Nasdaq national market system.