Technology:
   Medical Panel
   Issues New Set
   Of Guidelines
   ----
   By Hilary Stout
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The panel issued a set of guidelines to help doctors
detect and treat the condition. It is the second in a series
of medical practice guidelines the federal government plans
to make public. The first, released earlier this month, dealt
with treatment of pain.
   According to the panel, doctors or other health-care
providers should question all patients about continence and
evaluate and examine those who complain of incontinence. The
guidelines suggest treatment should begin with the least
invasive therapies: medication, bladder retraining and pelvic
muscle exercises.
   If those treatments don't work, the panel recommends
further evaluation, other drugs, medical devices or even
bladder surgery. Adult diapers or other absorbent products
should be a last resort, according to the specialists.
   The panel issued a detailed booklet that it plans to mail
to physicians, describing various types of urinary
incontinence in women and men and outlining treatments.
"These guidelines are not Big Brother telling doctors and
nurses what to do," James Mason, assistant secretary of
public health, said at a news conference. "But neither are
they idle advice."
   Not only does incontinence make life miserable and
humiliating for many older people, officials and panelists
said, but it is also often a key factor in a decision to
place people in nursing homes.