PSEG Might Take
   $17 Million Charge
   Over Venture Snag
The lender this month called the $32 million loan because
the venture failed to make payments required by the loan
agreement. A spokesman for Public Service Enterprise would
not provide details about the real-estate investment.
   Utility regulators in New Jersey have previously expressed
concern about the company's investments in nonutility
businesses. Enterprise Group Development is one such
nonregulated business investing in various commercial
properties.
   The state's Board of Regulatory Commissioners has been
investigating Public Service Enterprise's nonutility
operations, particularly after last year's request by the
company for a $669 million rate increase. The commissioners
are concerned about the amount invested in nonutility
businesses, and the risk those unrelated businesses don't
meet Public Service Enterprise's expectations. They are also
concerned the investments will drive up the parent company's
cost of borrowing.
   Separately, Public Service Enterprise plans a public
offering of five million shares, with proceeds to the Public
Service Electric  Gas unit for repayment of some short-term
debt. In a filing with the SEC, the company said the offering
would include an over-allotment of 500,000 shares to
underwriters.