Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Fall 21.24, but Airlines,
   Some Other Cyclical Shares Gain
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Declining issues swamped advancers, 1,080 to 714, on the
Big Board, where volume jumped to 234,280,000 shares from
214,840,000 Friday. The market was closed Monday for the
Presidents' Day holiday.
   The industrial average waffled through most of the session
before falling in sympathy with bond prices. Until recently,
analysts said, stock investors have been eager to see
interest rates fall, figuring that lower rates would
stimulate the economy.
   Now, however, analysts say stock investors appear to be
more worried about fiscal packages being debated in
Washington than they are about monetary stimulation. For
example, the Federal Reserve Board's decision yesterday to
loosen credit by freeing up more money for banks to lend
didn't directly move stock prices.
   Rather, some traders said, stocks began falling as
interest rates on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond neared
8%. Stock traders fear that with yields at that level, bonds
will look more attractive to investors than generally
expensive stocks.
   "I think the stock market is saying that we've had enough"
monetary stimulus, Michael Metz, chief strategist at
Oppenheimer  Co., said. "What will move stocks now is a
surge in earnings."
   And investors' choices of which stocks to pump up and
which to pummel yesterday did reflect continuing hopes that
economically sensitive companies will post bigger earnings
gains this year than will growth companies -- which are
expected to raise earnings consistently in good times and
bad.
   Airlines, for instance, flew high throughout the session.
Falling oil pricesoil for March delivery fell $1.34 a barrel
yesterday to $18.12 in the futures marketcontributed to their
strength.
   Positive comments from analyst Paul Karos at First Boston
also helped. Mr. Karos raised his rating on AMR, parent of
American Airlines, to "buy" from "hold." Meanwhile, Shearson
Lehman Brothers analyst Helane Becker said conditions look
bright for the airline industry, which tends to sag during
recessions.
   AMR jumped 2 to 76, UAL added 2 1/4 to 148 1/4, and Delta
Airlines gained 1 3/4 to 70.
   Other economically sensitive issues also jumped. Makers of
automobile parts rose, led by Genuine Parts, which gained 1
5/8 to 47 3/8. It reported earnings of 78 cents a share for
the fourth quarter, compared with 76 cents a share expected
by 14 analysts surveyed by First Call, a unit of Thompson
Financial Networks. Snap-On Tools gained 1 1/8 to 37, Johnson
Controls rose 1/2 to 37 3/4, and Echlin gained 1/8 to 15 5/8.
   Meanwhile, some of last year's favorite growth stocks
slumped. Coca-Cola lost 1 5/8 to 75 7/8, and PepsiCo fell 1
to 30 3/4. Shares of large pharmaceutical and health care
concerns also came under selling pressure: Johnson  Johnson
lost 3 3/8 to 97 5/8, Pfizer fell 1 1/2 to 70 1/4, and Merck
slipped 2 1/4 to 146. U.S. Surgical, a maker of surgical
supplies and a widely followed growth stock, fell 8 3/4 to
103.
   Dropping oil prices depressed shares of oil companies.
Mobil fell 2 to 61 7/8; Exxon sagged 1 1/8 to 57 1/8; Chevron
lost 2 1/8 to 61 5/8; and Texaco was down 2 3/4 to 57 3/4.
   Walt Disney was among the few stocks in the Dow Jones
Industrial Average to jump yesterday. It rose 3 1/2 to 146
1/2 on 854,900 shares, compared with a daily average of
583,840. The entertainment company's board approved a 4-for-1
stock split, contingent on shareholders authorizing an
increased number of shares.
   Marvel Comics, a unit of Marvel Entertainment Group,
plummeted 11 3/8 to 54 5/8 on 854,000 shares, more than 10
times its daily average. An article in this week's Barron's
suggested the stock was too expensive given the comic-book
company's poor growth prospects and debt. In the last minutes
of yesterday's session, the company said it is "very
comfortable" with analysts' current estimates that Marvel
will earn $2.30 a share this year, a 73% gain from 1991.
   Home Depot lost 1 7/8 to 60 5/8. Barron's said the
retailing concern was among popular candidates for selling
short -- a strategy in which speculators sell borrowed stock
hoping it will fall -- according to a survey of money
managers.
   Showboat, a Las Vegas, Nev., hotel and casino company,
added 1 5/8 to 11 1/4 after Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette
analyst Mark Manson boosted his rating on the stock to "buy"
from "neutral." Mr. Manson wasn't available for comment.
   Van Dorn dropped 5 3/8 to 13 5/8 on 698,700 shares,
compared with a daily average of 66,772. Crown Cork  Seal, a
metal-can maker, announced yesterday it is withdrawing its
offer to buy Van Dorn, a maker of metal and plastics
containers. Van Dorn last week said it wasn't for sale.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage dropped 4 1/8 to 112, and
Federal National Mortgage Association fell 2 1/4 to 60 7/8.
In a speech to reporters in Washington, Securities and
Exchange Commission Chairman Richard Breeden spoke
aggressively about the two companies' reluctance to register
their securities with the SEC, suggesting they think they're
"too big" to take that action.