Economy:
   Consumer Prices
   Rose Only 0.3%
   In December
   ---
   Inflation for '91 Was 3.1%;
   Limp Economy Brought
   Slowest Pace Since '86
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the year, inflation was an unintimidating 3.1%, about
half the 6.1% pace of 1990, when energy prices rose sharply.
It was the smallest increase in consumer prices since 1986,
when falling oil prices helped hold the rise to 1.1%.
   While price increases for education, tobacco and alcohol
accelerated last year, those of nearly all other groups
slowed. Health-care prices grew a substantial 7.9% in 1991,
but that was below the 9.6% rise of the previous year.
   "This reflects an ongoing, gradual moderation in
inflation," said Charles Lieberman, managing director for
Chemical Securities Inc. in New York.
   A sickly economy, weak consumer spending and high
unemployment all kept prices under control for the year. But
some analysts say inflation will accelerate once those
factors turn around
   "When the economy starts picking up, so will inflation,"
said Katheryn Kobe, economist for Joel Popkin  Co. here.
   Excluding food and energy prices, consumer prices rose
4.4% in 1991, considerably less than the 5.2% of 1990 but
about the average pace since 1983. That means prices haven't
really slowed that drastically yet, Ms. Kobe said.
   "Inflation is in its cage, but it's not licked," said
Donald Ratajczak, director of the economic forecasting center
at Georgia State University.
   Federal Reserve officials have been saying lately that
they are optimistic that the inflation rate will come down
further in 1992, partly because the money supply has grown so
slowly in the past several months. The Fed said yesterday
that the important M2 measure of the money supply fell by
$12.8 billion in the week ended Jan. 6, a much larger decline
than analysts had predicted. The M1 measure fell by $3.7
billion.
   After revising some 1991 figures, the Fed now says that M2
grew by 2.8% in 1991. That's just enough to come within the
Fed's published target range of 2.5% to 6.5%, but the Fed
usually aims for the middle of the range. For the last three
months of the year, the Fed said M2 grew at a respectable
3.5% pace, well above its previous estimates.
   M1 includes currency and checking accounts. M2 includes
that figure plus savings deposits, smaller certificates of
deposit and money market mutual funds.
   The earnings of American workers outpaced inflation last
month, the Labor Department said, increasing 0.7%, to $362.25
a week. But for the year, earnings crept up only 0.3%,
leaving many Americans feeling the pinch of even moderately
increasing prices. The figures cover production or
nonsupervisory workers on private nonfarm payrolls.
   There was substantial moderation in vegetable prices in
December. They were up only 0.8% after surging more than 4%
in November because of a whitefly infestation in California.
Energy prices slowed during the month as well.
   All figures are adjusted for normal seasonal variations.
   In another report, the Labor Department said that
first-time claims for unemployment insurance fell to 403,000
in the week ended Jan. 4, down 49,000 from the previous week.
   ---
                      CONSUMER PRICES
                                                                                                       

   Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components
of the Labor Department's consumer price index for December.
                                                                                                       

                                        % change from
                                       Nov.         Dec.
                                       1991         1990
                                                                                                       

   All items ........................   0.3         3.1
     Minus food  energy ............   0.3         3.9
   Food and beverage ................   0.4         2.5
   Housing ..........................   0.4         3.4
   Apparel ..........................  -0.6         3.4
   Transportation ...................   0.3        -1.5
   Medical care .....................   0.8         7.9
   Entertainment ....................  -0.4         3.9
   Other ............................   0.6         8.0
                                                                                                       

   December consumer price indexes (1982-1984 equals 100),
unadjusted for seasonal variation, together with the
percentage increases from December 1990 were:
                                                                                                       

   All urban consumers .............. 137.9         3.1
   Urban wage earners  clerical .... 135.9         2.8
   Chicago .......................... 138.3         2.7
   Detroit .......................... 134.0         2.1
   Los Angeles ...................... 143.1         2.8
   New York ......................... 146.6         3.5
   Philadelphia ..................... 144.4         3.6
   San Francisco .................... 139.8         3.5
   Dallas-Fort Worth ................ 132.0         2.8
   Houston .......................... 127.0         3.3
   Pittsburgh ....................... 134.4         4.1