OTC Focus:
   Index Gains 1.93 Points After Slumping
   Early in Day; Trading Volume Slows
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
OTC trading, however, was the slowest since Jan. 2 as
total volume fell to 211.9 million shares from 259.4 million
Friday. In stark contrast to last week's buying spree, the
day began quietly for many New York brokerage firms that
trade shares for large institutions. "It was an abrupt
change," Ralph Costanza, head of OTC trading for Smith
Barney, Harris Upham  Co., said. "People started to question
the excitement, step back and evaluate" their holdings, he
added.
   Smith Barney analyst L. Keith Mullins cautioned the firm's
sales force that OTC stocks may be overheating. "Nothing goes
up in a straight line," Mr. Mullins said in an interview,
citing his reasons why smaller stocks are due for a downturn.
Recent year-to-year gains in the Nasdaq Industrial Index,
which includes many technology-related companies, are larger
than they were before the 1987 market crash. Last week's
sharp, daily gains and record volumes "can't be sustained,"
he added.
   The flood of initial public offerings threatens to swamp
the market "and siphon off at least some of the capital that
would go into small, emerging-growth stocks," Mr. Mullins
said, adding that he can't recommend that his clients buy
aggressively at these levels. "There's so little room to make
a mistake," he said, noting Friday's 30 1/8-point plunge in
Employee Benefit Plans, which had been traded
over-the-counter before it was listed on the New York Stock
Exchange last month.
   Buying didn't let up, however, among the individual and
institutional clients of Morgan Keegan  Co. of Memphis,
Tenn., according to Hedi Reynolds, head of OTC trading there.
"It didn't slow up at all," said Ms. Reynolds, who added that
both buying and selling was brisk across all industry groups
as some investors pocketed profits in some strong stocks.
   Some of the OTC's largest stocks continued to climb.
Microsoft jumped 1 7/8 to 127 1/8. Amgen rose 1 to 76 3/4,
Intel gained 3/4 to 53 1/2, Sun Microsystems added 1 1/8 to
32 and Novell climbed 1 1/4 to 63 1/2.
   The gains, though, didn't extend to MCI Communications.
The long-distance telephone service company's shares dropped
2 1/8 to 31 3/8 after PaineWebber Inc. analyst Jack B.
Grubman cut his 1992 earnings estimate for the company to
$2.20 a share, from a previous forecast of $2.30, Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report said.
   Ambar plunged 2 3/4 to 6 1/4 after the company estimated
that its net income for the second quarter, ended last month,
was about equal to the $183,000, or 10 cents a share, that it
earned in the first quarter. The environmental services
concern said its revenue for the latest period was reduced by
about $2 million because of delays in certain customer
projects. Meanwhile, latest-quarter net will also reflect a
pretax charge of $124,000 related to its issuance of shares
to employees.
   Immucor lost 1 to 17 1/4. The company posted net income of
nine cents a share for its second quarter, ended Nov. 30,
compared with nine cents a share a year ago. Analysts
surveyed by Zacks Investment Research had expected the
company to earn about 11 cents a share in the latest period.
   Crestar Financial rose 2 1/8 to 20 3/8. The company
recorded fourth-quarter net income of $7.3 million, compared
with earnings of $900,000 a year earlier. Separately, the
bank acquired certain assets of Perpetual Savings Bank, which
was closed on Friday by regulators.
   Syntellect gained 1 1/2 to 8 3/4 after Alex. Brown  Sons
analyst John Rohal upgraded his rating on the stock to "buy"
from "neutral." The analyst said the company's business is
improving, primarily because of a recovery in the banking
industry, Dow Jones Professional Investor Report said. The
maker of interactive voice response systems derives about 35%
of its sales from banks.
   Sunrise Technology jumped 2 1/2 to 22 1/2 after the
company won approval from the Food and Drug Administration to
begin human testing of a laser-based method of treating tear
duct obstructions.
   Spartan Motors advanced 2 1/2 to 26 1/4. The company said
its revenue rose 87% last year to about $95 million, largely
because of strong motor home chassis and firetruck sales. The
company didn't make an earnings estimate.
   Quantronix added 1/2 to 2 1/2 after it agreed to be
acquired by Excel Technology for about $10 million in stock
and stock-purchase warrants. Excel closed at bid 6 1/8, up 1
1/8.
   Amtech Corp. jumped 3 1/4 to 30. The company declared a
3-for-2 stock split.
   SouthTrust gained 1 3/8 to 36. The Birmingham, Ala., bank
reported earnings of 81 cents a share for its fourth quarter,
up from 71 cents a year ago.
   Wisconsin Central Transportation rose 4 to 27. Wertheim
Schroder analyst Gary Yablon began coverage of the company
with a "buy" rating, Dow Jones Professional Investor Report
said. The company operates a regional railroad.