Business Brief:
   Chubb's Settlement
   In Asbestos Dispute
   Is Rejected by Court
Chubb shares fell back on the announcement, closing at
$70.50, down $1.375, in New York Stock Exchange composite
trading. Fibreboard shares closed down 25 cents, to $2.625,
in American Stock Exchange composite trading.
   Last March, Pacific Indemnity and Fibreboard, a Concord,
Calif., building-products concern, agreed to settle an
estimated 75,000 to 80,000 asbestos-related litigation claims
for personal injury and property damage. Under the agreement,
Pacific Indemnity was to give Fibreboard $35 million in cash
for asbestos-related claims and set up a $107 million trust
for future asbestos-related claims for which Fibreboard isn't
otherwise insured.
   Fibreboard has been in litigation with insurers since 1979
to determine the amount of insurance available to cover
asbestos-exposure injury claims. It said yesterday that it
now doesn't expect final resolution of the insurance dispute
before 1993. It added that if a new settlement isn't reached
with Pacific or if further insurance isn't available, its
asbestos-related cash obligations will probably exceed its
insurance sometime in the first half of this year.
   A Fibreboard spokesman said the company was continuing its
litigation in a related case and out-of-court negotiations
with Pacific Indemnity. He said the company could run short
of funds to pay for costs related to asbestos claims if
additional funding isn't found. "We could be in a cash crunch
unless we work out a settlement with Pacific or obtain
additional insurance resources from somewhere else," he said.