Securities Offering Calendar
$22.8 billion in three-month and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                         CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Ameriserv Food Co. -- initial 5.1 million common shares,
via Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp.
   Applebee's International Inc. -- 2.8 million common
shares, via Piper, Jaffray  Hopwood Inc.
   Aquarion Co. -- one million common shares, via Morgan
Stanley  Co.
   ARB Group Inc. -- initial 2.5 million common shares, via
Lehman Brothers Inc.
   AutoZone -- 4,725,000 common shares, via Lehman Brothers.
   Biosys - initial 2.3 million common shares, via Kemper
Securities Group.
   Carolina First Corp. -- 1.5 million common shares, via
PaineWebber Inc.
   Consolidated Freightways - six million depositary shares,
each representing one-tenth of a share of conversion
preferred stock, via Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Damark International Inc. -- initial 2,734,000 common
shares, via Montgomery Securities.
   Day Runner Inc. -- initial 1.4 million common shares, via
Montgomery Securities.
   Duff  Phelps Corp. -- initial three million common
shares, via Merrill Lynch  Co.
   EZCorp Inc. -- 1.5 million class A non-voting shares, via
Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   First Western -- initial 1,350,000 common shares, via
Prudential Securities Inc.
   Greentree Software Inc. - three million common shares, via
Merrill Lynch.
   Gulfstream Aerospace Corp. -- initial five million common
shares, via Morgan Stanley.
   Kaufman  Broad Home Corp. -- 6.6 million special common
shares, via Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Kellwood Co. -- 1.5 million common shares, via First
Boston Corp.
   Lone Star Steakhouse  Saloon Inc. -- initial 1,150,000
common shares, via Montgomery Securities.
   Merisel Inc. -- 4,850,000 common shares, via
Robinson-Humphrey Co.
   Network General Corp. -- 2,215,000 common shares, via
Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
   New Plan Realty Trust - three million common shares, via
Merrill Lynch.
   Santander Overseas Bank -- nine million shares of
noncumulative preferred stock, via Merrill Lynch.
   Sierra On-Line Inc. -- 1.5 million common shares, via
Lehman Brothers.
   Singer Co. -- seven million common shares sold by
International Semi-Tech Microelectronics Inc., via Merrill
Lynch.
   Standard Pacific Corp. -- three million common shares, via
Prudential Securities.
   Toll Corp. -- $75 million of senior subordinated notes,
via Merrill Lynch.
   United Retail Group Inc. -- initial 4.4 million common
shares, via Goldman Sachs.
   U.S. Homecare Corp. -- 1,537,500 common shares, via
Robertson, Stephens  Co.
   Valassis Communications Inc. -- initial 22.1 million
common shares, via Salomon Brothers Inc.
   Williams Cos. -- 3.5 million common shares, via Lehman
Brothers.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   City and County of San Francisco Airports Commission --
$222,550,000 of San Francisco International Airport second
series refunding revenue bonds, Issue 1, via competitive bid.
   Illinois -- $400 million of improvement general obligation
bonds, via competitive bid.
   New Orleans -- $70 million of public improvement general
obligation bonds, Issue of 1992, via competitive bid.
   New York State -- $220.6 million of various purpose
general obligation bonds, via competitve bid.
   Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust -- $59,850,000 of
various sewer system revenue bonds, including $34,050,000 of
1992 Series A bonds and $25.8 million of refunding revenue
bonds, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   South Carolina -- $199.8 million of various state capital
improvement general obligation bonds, including $85 million
of 1992 Series A general obligation bonds and $114.8 million
of 1992 Series B refunding general obligation bonds, via
competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Thursday
                                                                                                       

   Louisiana -- $229,715,000 of improvement general
obligation bonds, 1992 Series A, via competitve bid.
   Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Metro Council -- $62,850,000 of
general obligation refunding bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.
   Monroe County, N.Y. -- $121,175,000 of various improvement
general obligation bonds, including $110 million of public
improvement general obligation bonds and $11,175,000 of water
improvement general obligation bonds, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Clackamas County Hospital Facilities Authority, Ore. --
$89,760,000 of revenue bonds, Series A and refunding revenue
bonds, Series B, via a First Bostongroup.
   Connecticut -- $465 million of general obligation bonds,
via a Merrill Lynch group.
   Idaho Student Loan Marketing Corp. -- $66,660,000 of
student loan revenue refunding bonds, via an A.G. Edwards 
Sons Inc. group.
   Illinois Health Facilities Authority -- $50 million of
rev- enue bonds, 1992 Series (South Suburban Hospital issue),
via a Ziegler Securities group.
   Lower Colorado River Authority, Texas -- $183 million of
junior lien refunding revenue bonds, 1992 Series, via a
Morgan Stanley group.
   Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District -- $158 million
of general obligation capital purpose bonds, 1992 Series A,
via a Merrill Lynch group.
   New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency --
$148,450,000 of housing revenue bonds, Series A and B
(non-Alternative Minimum Tax), Series C (AMT), and Series D
(taxable), via a Bear, Stearns  Co. group.
   New York State Housing Finance Agency -- $77 million of
guaranteed service contract revenue bonds, Series A and B,
including $52 million of tax-exempt bonds and $25 million of
taxable bonds, via a Bear Stearns group.
   New York State Mortgage Agency -- $175 million of
homeowner mortgage revenue bonds, via a Donaldson, Lufkin
group.
   New York State Thruway Authority -- $85,620,000 of
emergency highway construction and reconstruction bonds, 1992
Series A, and $69.7 million of emergency highway recondition
 preservation bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Smith Barney
group.
   Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency -- $49.8 million of
single-family mortgage revenue bonds, Series 1992-33, via a
Bear Stearns group.
   Phoenix -- $258,420,000 of general obligation refunding
bonds, 1992 Series, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Texas Municipal Power Agency -- $450 million of refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Wichita, Kan. -- $50 million of sales tax revenue bonds,
via a Kidder Peabody group.
                                                                                                       

                        Indefinite
                                                                                                       

   Florida Board of Education -- $311,580,000 of public
education capital outlay refunding general obligation bonds,
1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
   Florida Dept. of Natural Resources -- $300 million of
Preservation 2000 revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.