Oh Sure, and Soon They'll Report
   He Was Pushed Overboard by Elvis
   ----
   By Tony Horwitz
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But Mr. Maxwell was unequivocal about his former flagship
newspaper, the Mirror: "One of my big disappointments is that
I never managed to make it a great paper like The Sun."
   Ms. Jones says the Sun -- owned by Mr. Maxwell's
archrival, Rupert Murdoch -- went overboard with that one. "I
didn't say that, and Maxwell didn't either," she says, adding
that the paper paid her #2,100 ($3,925) for the seance, which
occurred last weekend at her suburban London home. "I worked
very hard for it. He's not the pleasantest guy to get in
touch with, let me tell you." For a sum, she offered this
paper more details of her chat with Mr. Maxwell, such as the
site of the "money warehouse." (We didn't pay.)
   Cap'n Bob's resurfacing was greeted with disbelief at
other London papers, particularly Sunday Sport. In its own
exclusive -- "MAXWELL IS ALIVE" -- it recently claimed that
the "fatty millionaire" had a secret look-alike, whom he
killed and tossed in the Atlantic to fake his own death. The
tabloid also offered a reward for information leading to Mr.
Maxwell's discovery.
   "We've had a few calls, nothing solid," says Gary
Thompson, the paper's news editor. "One person saw Maxwell
working at a factory in the {British} Midlands." Sunday Sport
specializes in such scoops: Two years ago, it published
photos of a statue of Elvis on Mars.
   Now, inspired by the Sun, Sunday Sport is hiring its own
psychic to sniff out Mr. Maxwell's whereabouts. "If our
medium can confirm that Maxwell hasn't been seen on the other
side, then we know he's still alive, and our story is right,"
says Mr. Thompson.
   Mr. Maxwell couldn't be reached for comment yesterday.