What's News --
   Business and Finance
Stocks rallied on the positive economic data. Bond prices
also climbed and the dollar fell. The Dow Jones industrials
rose 19.68 to 3256.04. Treasury bonds gained about 3/4 point.
   ---
   Many airline officials have been asked to give depositions
in a stepped-up federal probe of alleged price fixing, say
people close to the investigation. The inquiry, said to still
be in an early stage, apparently focuses on whether the
airlines use an electronic clearinghouse to illegally set
fares.
   ---
   Hongkong Bank's parent plans a friendly bid to acquire
Britain's Midland Bank for a sum that could exceed $3.8
billion. The deal, which would form one of the world's 10
biggest banks, is one of several diversification moves by
Hongkong Bank before China takes over Hong Kong in 1997.
Midland stock rose 30% on the news.
   ---
   The Pentagon's choice of General Dynamics to build a
submarine was upheld by an appeals court, which rejected a
claim that the U.S. didn't properly weigh the loss of jobs at
rival Tenneco's Newport News, Va., plant. But the submarine
may not be built.
   ---
   The FCC is preparing to give every TV station owner an
extra channel to broadcast high-definition television. The
station owners won't have to pay or compete for the licenses,
whose estimated value exceeds $1 billion.
   ---
   ATT signed a contract to supply telephone network
equipment to Kazakhstan, continuing the U.S. company's
aggressive push overseas. The order is projected to total
several hundred million dollars over 10 years.
   ---
   Macy posted a $671.6 million loss for the latest quarter,
reflecting a sharp deterioration that forced the retailer
into Chapter 11 proceedings. Sales in the quarter sank 6.4%.
   ---
   Hambrecht  Quist's chairman, Gordon Macklin, quit the San
Francisco investment bank, weeks after it settled a fraud
case. William Hambrecht is expected to succeed him.
   ---
   Gold futures prices tumbled $3.20 an ounce to $340.10, a
nearly six-year low, on a report of mild inflation.
   ---
   Canadian Pacific Forest sharply raised the price it asks
for newsprint, shocking U.S. newspaper chains.
   ---
   Volkswagen of America is slashing its work force by 25%
due to depressed car sales. The staff cut is the second by
the U.S. unit in about five months.
   ---
   Duty Free International agreed to acquire UETA, one of the
largest operators of duty-free shops on the U.S.-Mexico
border, for more than $225 million in stock. Duty Free shares
climbed $6.375, or 14%, to $52.75.
   ---
   Dillard Department Stores declared a 3-for-1 stock split,
apparently to make its shares more affordable for small
investors. The retailer's share price rose $4.375 to close at
$129.50.
   ---
   KKR is teaming up with two former ski-resort executives to
look for acquisitions in the resort industry.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 187,240,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3256.04, up 19.68; transportation 1408.82, up 13.08;
utilities 204.87, up 0.81.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4155.12, up 28.13.
   Commodities: Oil $19.24 a barrel, up nine cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.06, off 0.34; spot index 117.10, off 0.60.
   Dollar: 132.80 yen, off 1.04; 1.6455 marks, off 0.0168.