Marketing  Media:
   Dow Jones Net
   Fell to $3.5 Million
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The charge resulted from the write-off of capitalized
development costs, good will and equipment associated with
the Trading Service, the foreign exchange direct dealing
service of Dow Jones's Telerate Inc. subsidiary.
   Net income for 1991, reduced by the write-off, was $72.2
million, or 71 cents a share, a 32% decline from earnings of
$106.9 million, or $1.06 a share, reported in 1990. Earnings
in 1991, excluding the $32 million after-tax charge, were
$1.03 a share.
   Consolidated operating income in 1991 increased 5% to
$240.7 million from $229.2 million in 1990. Revenue rose 0.3%
to $1.73 billion.
   Dow Jones's Information Services segment, which includes
the operations of Telerate and the Dow Jones Information
Services Group, reported a 14% increase in 1991 operating
income to $147.6 million. Revenue increased 3.5%, to $762
million, with stronger growth overseas.
   Operating income in 1991 at Dow Jones's business
publications, which include The Wall Street Journal and its
overseas editions, Barron's magazine and other publications,
decreased 2.7%, to $81.5 million, while revenue decreased
1.7% to $735.9 million.
   Wall Street Journal advertising linage decreased 10% in
1991 but only 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Wall Street Journal
advertising revenue declined 5.8% for the full year but was
up 3.3% in the fourth quarter.
   Ottaway Newspapers Inc., the company's community newspaper
subsidiary, reported 1991 operating income of $26.9 million,
a decline of 14%. Revenue in 1991 was $227.1 million, a
decrease of 3.2%. Advertising linage at Ottaway's 23 daily
newspapers decreased 12% for the year.
   In late trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange,
Dow Jones shares were quoted at $28.875, down 50 cents.