Marketing  Media:
   Sizzler Switches
   Big Ad Account
   To Interpublic Unit
   ----
   By Thomas R. King
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For Dailey, a unit of Interpublic Group of Cos., winning
the account is a major victory because there aren't many big
clients on the West Coast. Phil Joanou, the shop's chairman
and chief executive, said the Sizzler account takes the
shop's billings to about $225 million. "Sizzler has been a
real target account for us," he said. "We've wanted it for a
long time."
   Sizzler, a restaurant operator, put the account into
review in large part because of disappointing sales,
particularly in California where it is battling intense
competitive pressures. "We just felt that Dailey had both the
domestic and international facilities and creative prowess
that we needed to move ahead in the 1990s," said Mike Minchin
Jr., executive vice president of marketing at Sizzler. In
addition to BBDO and Dailey, Sizzler also considered
Chiat/Day/Mojo Inc. for its account.
   Gene Cameron, president and chief executive of BBDO's West
Coast operations, said his agency will continue to work for
Sizzler until May 1. "We gave them a plan that included
changes in their restaurants, not just in their advertising,"
he said. "They must've decided they couldn't do that." He
said combined billings at BBDO's Los Angeles and San
Francisco offices will be about $133 million after the loss;
he said no plans had yet been made for dismissals.
   Dailey is one of Los Angeles's healthiest agencies, and is
different than most because it handles many packaged-goods
clients. It recently lost about $6 million in billings from
Neutrogena Corp. Mr. Joanou said he had double reason to be
delighted Friday; in addition to hearing of the big Sizzler
win, it was also the opening day of the Warner Bros. film
"Final Analysis," a thriller that was directed by his son,
who is also named Phil.