Money Rates
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a
guide to general levels but don't always represent actual
transactions.
                                                                                                       

   PRIME RATE: 6 1/2%. The base rate on corporate loans at
large U.S. money center commercial banks.
                                                                                                       

   FEDERAL FUNDS: 6% high, 1% low, 1/2% near closing bid, 1%
offered. Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight
use in amounts of $1 million or more. Source: Babcock Fulton
Prebon (U.S.A.) Inc.
                                                                                                       

   DISCOUNT RATE: 3.50%. The charge on loans to depository
institutions by the Federal Reserve Banks.
                                                                                                       

   CALL MONEY: 6%. The charge on loans to brokers on stock
exchange collateral.
                                                                                                       

   COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Electric
Capital Corp.: 4.15% 30 to 44 days; 4.10% 45 to 59 days;
4.05% 60 to 89 days; 4% 90 to 149 days; 3.95% 150 to 270
days. Commercial Paper placed directly by General Motors
Acceptance Corp.: 4.375% 30 to 59 days; 4.25% 60 to 89 days;
4.20% 90 to 119 days; 4.15% 120 to 270 days.
                                                                                                       

   COMMERCIAL PAPER: High-grade unsecured notes sold through
dealers by major corporations in multiples of $1,000: 4.74%
30 days; 4.50% 60 days; 4.33% 90 days.
                                                                                                       

   CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT: 3.87% one month; 3.80%two months;
3.77% three months; 3.76% six months; 4.19% one year. Average
of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new
issues of negotiable C.D.s, usually on amounts of $1 million
and more. The minimum unit is $100,000. Typical rates in the
secondary market: 4.05% one month; 4.05% three months; 4.05%
six months.
                                                                                                       

   BANKERS ACCEPTANCES: 4.12% 30 days; 4.04% 60 days; 4.02%
90 days; 3.99% 120 days; 3.94% 150 days; 3.93% 180 days.
Negotiable, bank-backed business credit instruments typically
financing an import order.
                                                                                                       

   LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS: 4 5/16% - 4 3/16% one month; 4
1/4% - 4 1/8% two months; 4 1/4% - 4 1/8% three months; 4
1/4% - 4 1/8% four months; 4 3/16% - 4 1/16% five months; 4
3/16% - 4 1/16% six months.
                                                                                                       

   LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES (LIBOR): 4 5/16% one month;
5 1/4% three months; 4 3/16% six months; 4 5/16% one year.
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in
the London market based on quotations at five major banks.
Effective rate for contracts entered into two days from date
appearing at top of this column.
                                                                                                       

   FOREIGN PRIME RATES: Canada 8%; Germany 11%; Japan 6.125%;
Switzerland 9.75%; Britain 10.50%. These rate indications
aren't directly comparable; lending practices vary widely by
location.
                                                                                                       

   TREASURY BILLS: Results of the Monday, December 30, 1991,
auction of short-term U.S. government bills, sold at a
discount from face value in units of $10,000 to $1 million:
3.91% 13 weeks; 3.91% 26 weeks.
                                                                                                       

   FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. (Freddie Mac): Posted
yields on 30-year mortgage commitments. Delivery within 30
days 7.97%, 60 days 8.06%, standard conventional fixed-rate
mortgages; 5.75%, 2% rate capped one-year adjustable-rate
mortgages. Source: Telerate Systems Inc.
                                                                                                       

   FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION (Fannie Mae): Posted
yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30
days (priced at par). 7.90%, standard conventional fixed-rate
mortgages; 5.35%, 6/2 rate capped one-year adjustable-rate
mortgages. Source: Telerate Systems Inc.
                                                                                                       

   MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST: 4.57%. Annualized
average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days;
not a forecast of future returns.