Swedish Budget Plan
   Expected to Include
   Cutbacks in Spending
But such an assault on welfare programs threatens to spark
a political battle and put Mr. Bildt's future on the line,
analysts here said. Indeed, mere speculation that the budget
bill proposes modest reductions in sick pay and unemployment
benefits has triggered a protest from powerful trade unions.
   Today's budget proposal is expected to outline relief for
tax-weary Swedes, especially owners of small-and-medium-sized
companies. Yet analysts fret that optimism fostered by tax
breaks will be overshadowed by an updated economic forecast
far bleaker than previous ones by most economists, or the
government itself as recently as last November. In its
official November forecast, the government anticipated
economic growth of 0.2% in 1992, reversing the 0.7% decline
in gross national product last year.
   In today's budget bill, however, the government is
expected to revise that earlier estimate to a 0.2% decline in
GNP this year. In addition, unemployment is expected to
average 3.8% this year, up from an estimated 2.7% in 1991.
And reduced tax revenue combined with higher outlays for
state-financed jobs programs is likely to swell the
underlying government budget deficit to roughly 95 billion
Swedish kronor ($17.3 billion) in fiscal 1993, from an
estimated 50 billion kronor in the current fiscal year ending
June 30.
   In addition to the likelihood of some cut in sick pay
compensation, the budget proposal is expected to outline
other curbs on public expenditure: modest reductions in
unemployment benefits, changes in revenue sharing that would
impose a virtual hiring freeze on local governments, and
wider use of so-called generic medicines in the national
health service.