British New-Car Sales
   Fell 12% in February
   From Year Earlier
Sir Hal Miller, chief executive of the trade group, said
the weak car sales "continue to underline how urgent a boost
for new car sales is needed if jobs and production are to be
safeguarded."
   U.K. car sales fell a year-on-year 21% in 1991 and a
year-on-year 13% in 1990.
   Imports were 54% of the U.K. February market compared with
53% in January and 52% a year earlier. Total imports,
including cars produced overseas by U.K. manufacturers, fell
27% to 59,087 in February from 81,401 in January; they were
off 7.9% compared with 64,132 for the same month a year
earlier.
   Among Britain's market leaders, Ford Motor Co. sold 21,732
in February, a decrease of 43% from 38,502 in January and a
slide of 30% from the same period last year, when 31,184 Ford
cars were sold.
   Ford saw its market share decrease to 20% in February from
25% in January and 25% a year ago. General Motors Corp.'s
U.K. sales fell 29% in February to 21,583 from 30,643 in
January and slipped 0.4% from 21,679 in February 1991.
   In February, General Motors' market share was unchanged at
20% compared with January, but was higher than the
year-earlier 17%.
   The Rover Group (U.K.), a unit of British Aerospace PLC,
saw sales fall 13% to 15,898 in February from 18,367 in
January.
   Rover's market share in February increased to 15% from 12%
in January, but fell from the year-earlier 16%.