Charge by Chambers
   Development Lowers
   1991 Profit Sharply
The waste-management company said it was changing its
accounting methods to record immediately indirect expenses
such as administrative costs. In the past, these expenses had
been deferred. The charge reflects the effect on previous
periods from 1985 forward, the company said. The announcement
was made after trading ended on the American Stock Exchange,
where Chambers closed at $30.50, up $1.125.
   But after the close, the shares plunged in trading over
Reuters PLC's Instinet system, losing more than half their
value. An Instinet spokesman said Chambers dropped to 13 in
active trading, down 17 1/2.
   Analysts reacted angrily, charging that the company had
been inflating its earnings by excessive deferrals in the
recognition of expenses. Chambers has had consistently strong
earnings growth in recent years and is considered a growth
stock in garbage-hauling and disposal.
   James McDonald, an analyst with Chicago Corp., called the
write-down "very disconcerting." He said Chambers had
amortized its costs "more aggressively" than comparable
companies. Mr. McDonald, who had estimated the company's 1992
earnings at $1.05 a share, said he expected to lower that to
about 45 to 50 cents a share.
   Richard Knight, Chambers's chief financial officer, said
he expects 1992 earnings under the new accounting method will
be 48 cents a share-equal to 1991 earnings minus the one-time
$27 million charge.
   Mr. Knight downplayed the decision. "This does not affect
our balance sheet. We're still as strong as anybody else in
the industry," he said. "It's going to reduce our earnings
substantially, but we're still going to have substantial
earnings."