Business Brief:
   Dell Computer, Defying Industry Slump,
   Posts 79% Surge in 4th-Quarter Profit
International revenue was particularly robust at $119.4
million, double the yearearlier level, partly as a result of
several new start-up operations in Europe.
   But analysts expressed some concern about the relative
softness in the U.S. market. Although Dell's U.S. sales
increased 56% from a year earlier, they rose only about 5%
over the third quarter ended Nov. 3, 1991.
   A Dell spokeswoman attributed the sluggish sequential
growth to a decline in sales through superstore chains
CompUSA and Staples Inc. She said the drop appeared to be due
to seasonal "pipelining" by those stores in the third quarter
to stock up for Christmas. Mail-order sales, which account
for more than three-fourths of total revenue, were "up
sharply" in the fourth quarter, she added.
   Overall, Dell's strategy of sharply cutting prices to
expand market share seemed to pay off, thanks largely to the
company's success in controlling overhead costs.
   During the latest fiscal year, Dell introduced 15 new
products based on Intel Corp.'s state-of-the-art 80486
microprocessor. Those products now account for about 40% of
Dell's sales.
   Dell also announced a 3-for-2 stock split payable in the
form of a 50% stock dividend on April 9 to shares of record
March 23. In over-the-counter trading yesterday, Dell shares
closed at $39.25, up $2.25.
   For the year, Dell's net shot up 87% to $50.9 million, or
$2.11 a share, from $27.2 million, or $1.36 a share. Sales
rose 63% to $889.9 million from $546.2 million.