United Way Panel
   Votes to Halt Salary
   Of Former President
In addition, the organization said it fired a longtime
friend of Mr. Aramony, Thomas J. Merlo, as chief financial
officer. Mr. Merlo, hired in 1989, was placed on
administrative leave with pay last month after an article in
the Washington Post raised questions about some of his
business dealings before he joined United Way.
   United Way had been under pressure to resolve questions
about Mr. Aramony's salary and retirement benefits since the
disclosure two weeks ago that Mr. Aramony continued to be
paid after he resigned. Mr. Aramony quit the post he had held
for 22 years following news reports that criticized his
management, expenses and hiring practices. An investigation
by an outside counsel into those charges is expected to be
completed April 2.
   A United Way spokesman said Mr. Aramony continued to draw
a salary because his departure had been abrupt. Mr. Aramony
was kept on the payroll while the board worked out "some
issues connected to his retirement," the spokesman said. But
the board decided to stop the payments after it became
apparent that those issues would take longer to resolve. The
spokesman wouldn't specify what the issues are.
   Mr. Aramony has an employment contract with United Way
that expires in July 1993.