What's News --
   Business and Finance
Time Warner co-chief executive N.J. Nicholas quit, citing
management differences. Insiders said he lost a power
struggle with Chairman Steven Ross. Gerald Levin succeeds
Nicholas. The move comes two years after the merger pact
between Time and Warner called for Nicholas to eventually run
the combined concern.
   ---
   House Democrats scuttled entirely a plan to cut the top
corporate tax rate, while a leading Senate Democrat agreed to
pay for an emerging tax-cut bill with boosts in other taxes.
But Bush is likely to oppose raising any taxes, even on the
wealthy.
   ---
   The U.S. trade deficit widened in December as exports fell
2.2%, reflecting global economic weakness. Exports of autos
sank 10.3%. Total imports, meanwhile, jumped 2.3%.
   ---
   United Airlines proposed raising domestic fares by 2%,
apparently reflecting increased confidence in the demand for
air travel. Airline stocks rallied on the action, though no
other big carriers immediately matched it.
   ---
   Pilgrim Group plans to have its Prime Rate Trust mutual
fund, which buys bank loans, trade on the Big Board. The move
would give investors greater access to their funds but could
lower the price they get. The SEC is looking into the plan.
   ---
   Turner Broadcasting posted a surprising sixfold rise in
fourth-period profit. The cable company declared its first
cash dividend in 17 years.
   ---
   Wang Labs obtained a U.S. trade panel's decision to
investigate the company's complaint that six Japanese rivals
infringed its patents for a popular type of computer memory.
   ---
   European drug companies Glaxo of Britain and Astra of
Sweden posted surges in their earnings. They also forecast
strong profit growth. But the share prices of both companies
slid.
   ---
   Nestle stepped up its Perrier takeover effort, saying it
may launch a hostile bid for Exor, through which Italy's
Agnelli group holds its stake in the French bottled water
company.
   ---
   PepsiCo bought a stake in a maker of food carts, preparing
for mobile versions of Pepsi's restaurant chains.
   ---
   Digital Equipment expects to announce next week that
Kubota of Japan will license a powerful new computer chip
developed by Digital.
   ---
   Harley-Davidson's profit climbed 86% in the fourth
quarter, more than some analysts expected. The motorcycle
maker's stock price jumped $5.25, or 11%, to close at $53.50.
   ---
   Business failures soared 44% to a record last year as the
recession victimized companies with heavy debt. The rate of
failures isn't expected to change in the first part of 1992.
   ---
   Air Canada hired Hollis Harris, a former top official at
Delta and Continental, to be chief executive.
   ---
   Investment advisers would pay up to $7,000 in annual fees
under an expected SEC proposal to beef up enforcement of the
adviser industry.
   ---
   Canada's trade with the U.S. declined again in December,
reflecting the sluggishness of both economies.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 270,550,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3280.64, up 50.32; transportation 1467.68, up 42.79;
utilities 206.94, up 1.44.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4180.85, up 4.58.
   Commodities: Oil $18.54 a barrel, up 13 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.61, up 0.71; spot index 119.48, up 0.41.
   Dollar: 128.58 yen, up 0.38; 1.6448 marks, up 0.0023.