Minolta, Following
   Patent Settlement,
   Omits Dividend
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Minolta said slumping market conditions world-wide
continue to put a drag on its camera sales, notably in the
U.S. The yen's strength also negatively affected Minolta's
export sales, which account for nearly 76% of sales. In
addition, net losses were broadened by the 16.5 billion yen
($125.1 million) payment to Honeywell for infringing patent
rights to auto-focus circuitry used in Minolta's cameras.
   For the current year, Minolta now expects a consolidated
pretax loss of 15 billion yen, worsening from a break-even
projection made in November, and from a pretax loss of 2.21
billion yen posted in the previous year.
   The company also sees a net loss of 35 billion yen for the
current year, compared with a November prediction for zero
net profitability. Minolta posted a net loss of 2.15 billion
yen in the previous year. Minolta revised downward its group
sales forecast to 360 billion yen, down 7.7% from the earlier
forecast of 390 billion yen. The latest revision translates
into a 2.8% decline from 370.50 billion yen a year ago.
   The company also announced that, for the first time in 26
years, it will post unconsolidated earnings losses for the
current fiscal year. In November, Minolta had projected it
would break even at both the pretax and net profit levels.
   The company now forecasts a pretax loss of 8 billion yen,
compared with pretax profit of 4.86 billion yen during the
previous fiscal year. The revision calls for a net income
loss of 25 billion yen for the current fiscal year, compared
with net profit of 4.02 billion yen in the prior fiscal year.
   Unconsolidated sales were revised downward to 220 billion
yen, down 6.4% from a 235 billion yen forecast in November,
and down 0.9% from 222.06 billion yen a year ago.
Unconsolidated results are those of the parent alone.
Consolidated results include those of subsidiaries.