Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices Finish Little Changed as Players
   Wait to Hear Bush's Plans for Economic Growth
   ----
   By Kevin Donovan and Anita Raghavan
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
With elections looming and the unemployment rate
relatively high, some market players fear that the White
House or Congress will adopt a plan that could swell the
already huge federal deficit, boost inflation and push
interest rates higher. Such fears are believed to be keeping
long-term interest rates relatively firm.
   President Bush's proposals are expected to include tax
breaks for families with children, a reduction in the tax on
capital gains and incentives for first-time home buyers.
   "I can't imagine {Bush} saying anything that hasn't
already been reported, but nonetheless, there seems to be
heightened anticipation," said Stephen Slifer, an economist
at Lehman Brothers. He adds that he expects that any
legislation to stimulate economic growth won't likely be
"this wild fiscal stimulus the market fears."
   Still, the market reacted cautiously. The bond market's
bellwether security, the 30-year Treasury bond, ended about
1/8 lower, or about $1.25 for a bond with a $1,000 face
amount. The issue's yield, which moves in the opposite
direction of its price, rose to 7.72% from 7.71% on Friday.
   Treasury Deputy Secretary John Robson sought to assuage
financial market fears early yesterday by saying President
Bush's economic growth plan wouldn't "blow a big hole" in the
federal budget deficit.
   "The administration's plan will be responsible, because
we're not going to propose fly-by-night programs that have
short-term political sex appeal but don't make long-term
economic sense," said Mr. Robson in remarks to the National
Association of Home Builders annual convention in Las Vegas,
Nev.
   Meanwhile, other fears continue to erode bond market
participants' confidence that interest rates are still in a
downward trend.
   Mr. Slifer of Lehman Brothers says concern that the
January employment report will show an outsized gain in
nonfarm payrolls is starting to make the rounds, even though
the report won't be released until Feb. 7.
   In addition, speculation that a reduction in the amount of
30-year bonds to be auctioned at next month's quarterly
refunding will lead to more-frequent auctions of
shorter-maturity issues is also injecting uncertainty into
the marketplace.
   The only economic news out yesterday, a report from the
National Association of Realtors that existing home sales
rose a modest 0.9% in December, had little effect on note and
bond prices.
   On today's economic calendar is the Conference Board's
consumer confidence survey results for January. The index
stood at 52.4 in December. Also today is the release of the
government's fourth-quarter employment cost index.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended lower as investors brace for President
Bush's State of the Union address tonight.
   The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 103 3/32 to
yield 7.72% compared with 103 8/32 to yield 7.71% on Friday.
The latest 10-year notes ended at 101 19/32 to yield 7.25%
compared with 101 23/32 to yield 7.23% Friday.
   Among shorter-term maturities, the latest two-year notes
and five-year notes auctioned last week continued to
deteriorate. The two-year notes ended at a price of 99 12/32
to yield 5.19% compared with 99 15/ 32 to yield 5.14% on
Friday. The two-year notes were auctioned on Wednesday at an
average yield of 4.99%. The five-year notes ended at a price
of 99 6/32 to yield 6.43% compared with 99 8/32 to yield
6.41% on Friday. Those securities were auctioned Thursday at
an average yield of 6.28%.
   Meanwhile, the Treasury sold $20.45 billion of bills at
its regular weekly auction. The average discount rate on the
new three-month bills was 3.84% and the average rate on the
new six-month bills was 3.93%. Those rates were up from last
week's auction when they were 3.78% and 3.84%, respectively.
   The average rate on the three-month bills was the highest
since the average of 3.85% at the auction on Jan. 6 and the
average rate on the six-month bills was the highest since the
average of 4.19% at the auction on Dec. 16, 1991.
                                                                                                       

                      TREASURY BILLS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                13-Week        26-Week
                                                                                                       

 Applications ...........  $33,456,770,000  $32,553,295,000
 Accepted bids ..........  $10,252,300,000  $10,201,295,000
 Accepted at low price ..              92%              43%
 Accepted noncompet'ly ..   $1,175,845,000   $1,011,500,000
 Average price (Rate) ...   99.029 (3.84%)   98.013 (3.93%)
 High price (Rate) ......   99.032 (3.83%)   98.028 (3.90%)
 Low price (Rate) .......   99.029 (3.84%)   98.013 (3.93%)
 Coupon equivalent ......            3.94%            4.08%
 CUSIP number ...........        912794YL2        912794YW8
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated Jan. 30. The 13-week bills mature
April 30, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature July 30, 1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   The junk bonds of R.H. Macy  Co. plunged as the
struggling retailer scrambled for protection from its
creditors by filing for Chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy
protection.
   The move represented a stark turn of events for the large
New York retailing concern, which only three days ago looked
as though it might be able to avoid filing for bankruptcy
protection with the help of a deep-pocketed investor.
   But Macy's junk bonds, which had rallied strongly Friday
on that expectation, fell like a rock yesterday. The biggest
losers were Macy's 14.50% subordinated debentures, due in
2001, which tumbled 26 points to a bid price of 28. Another
Macy issue, the 14.50% senior subordinated debentures, due in
1998, sank 20 points to 54 1/2.
   The two bonds, which had been paying investors cash
interest, are now trading "flat" or without accrued interest.
This reflects the fact that now that the company has filed
for bankruptcy-law protection, bondholders don't expect to
receive interest on their obligations.
   Meanwhile, Macy's zero-coupon bonds finished at 13 1/2,
off 17 points from Friday.
   Barbara Wedelstaedt, a junk bond analyst at Duff 
Phelps/MCM Investment Research Co., thinks that under Chapter
11, bondholders could receive from 26 cents to 75 cents on
the dollar on a present value basis. Bondholders who are
highest on the capital structure, like investors in the
senior subordinated debentures, would obviously receive the
most. "We know that there are strategic buyers out there so
the bonds shouldn't sink much further," she says.
   Late Friday, investor Laurence Tisch called off a proposed
$1 billion rescue of Macy after some major creditors refused
to grant proposed interest rate concessions.
   One creditor, Prudential Insurance Co. of America, refused
to accept lower interest rates on the debt, saying such a
deal would hurt its policyholders. Prudential holds an $811
million mortgage.
   Meredith Adler, a junk bond analyst at First Boston Corp.,
says that "if other retail bankruptcies are any indication,
then bondholders are going to take a haircut" in a Macy
reorganization under Chapter 11.
   Ms. Adler isn't as optimistic as some of her competitors
about the prospects for Macy bondholders in Chapter 11. She
believes investors in Macy's senior subordinated debentures
ultimately will get about 40 cents on the dollar, while
holders of the subordinated debentures will receive 20 cents
on the dollar.
   Zero-coupon bondholders will fare the worst, she says, and
could wind up with only 10 cents on the dollar.
   Macy's bankruptcy filing cast a pall over the broader junk
bond market. Prices of most actively-traded junk bonds, or
speculative-grade securities with low credit ratings or no
credit ratings at all, ended 1/8 to 1/4 point lower.
   Among the other losers were junk bonds of Interco Inc.
Friday, Interco filed a reorganization plan in U.S.
bankruptcy court in St. Louis that would give banks 80.5% of
the stock in the new furniture and shoe company.
   Interco's 13.75% senior subordinated debentures, due in
2000, ended six points lower at 15. The bonds slumped because
the reorganization plan doesn't provide as much for junior
bondholders as many investors had expected.
   In the secondary market for investment-grade corporate
debt, high-grade bonds finished slightly lower. About $600
million in non-convertible corporate debt was sold in the
market, as health care and chemical concern Pfizer Inc. and
utility Philadelphia Electric Co. each weighed in with $250
million debt offerings.
   Philadelphia Electric offered its seven-year first and
refunding mortgage bonds at a yield of 7.593%, while Pfizer
sold $250 million of five-year notes at a yield of 6.65%.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Prices of most municipal bonds were flat in sluggish
trading.
   Among actively traded municipal issues, the California
Public Works Board's 6.5% issues of 2011 closed unchanged at
99, to yield 6.56%.
   In very light primary action, a Connecticut issue of
$127.6 million of special tax obligation refunding bonds were
priced by a Dillon, Read  Co. group. As the name suggests,
the bonds are payable only from revenues pledged specifically
for that purpose.
   The 1992 Series A issue, for transportation infrastructure
purposes, was priced to yield from 3% in 1993 to 6.40% in
2008.
   Moody's Investors Service Inc. has rated the bonds
single-A-1. Standard  Poor's Corp. has assigned the issue a
double-A-minus rating.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage-backed securities ended lower.
   Among active issues, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities were down 5/32 at 99 20/32, Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8% securities were down 5/32 at
99 1/32 and Federal National Mortgage Association 8%
securities were down 5/32 at 98 28/32.
   Traders said mortgage securities are coming under downward
pressure due to the rising amount of newly made mortgages,
many of which are the result of the recent surge in
refinancing.
   Fannie Mae announced the offering of three real estate
mortgage investment conduit securities, totaling $895
million. Two of the issues are backed by Fannie Mae 30-year
mortgage-backed securities and one issue is backed by 15-year
mortgage issues.