Securities Offering Calendar
$22.8 billion of three-month and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                        CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                   One Day in the Week
                                                                                                       

   Air  Water Technologies Corp. -- 1.3 million Class A
common shares, via Allen  Co.
   American Income Holdings Inc. -- initial 4,550,000 common
shares, via Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Bay State Gas Co. -- 1,550,000 common shares, via Smith
Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Carolina First Corp. -- 1.5 million common shares, via
PaineWebber Inc.
   Century Communications Corp. -- Five million Class A
common shares, via Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities
Corp.
   Clayton Homes Inc. -- Two million common shares, via
Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Damark International Inc. -- initial 2,724,000 common
shares, via Montgomery Securities.
   Dames  Moore Inc. -- initial 5,725,000 common shares, via
Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   DSG International Ltd. -- 2,850,000 ordinary shares, via
Merrill Lynch.
   Enhanced Imaging Technologies Inc. -- initial 1.6 million
common shares, via Prudential Securities Inc.
   Evergreen Resources Inc. -- 1.2 million common shares, via
Kinnard  Co.
   Foodmaker Inc. -- initial 15 million common shares, via
Morgan Stanley  Co.
   First Republic Bancorp Inc. -- 1.5 million common shares,
via Montgomery Securities.
   Heart Technology Inc. -- initial 2.5 million common
shares, via Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
   I.S.G. Technologies Inc. -- 2.8 million common shares, via
Smith Barney.
   Lam Research Corp. -- three million common shares, via
Smith Barney.
   New York State Electric  Gas Corp. -- 4.5 million common
shares, via Merrill Lynch.
   Network General Corp. -- 2,215,000 common shares, via
Hambrecht  Quist Inc.
   Premier Anesthesia Inc. -- initial 2.2 million common
shares, via Hambrecht  Quist.
   Reader's Digest Association Inc. -- 4.5 million Class B
voting shares, via Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Toastmaster Inc. -- initial 2,875,000 common shares, via
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   Valero Energy Corp. -- 2.5 million common shares, via
Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Vitalink Pharmacy Services Inc. -- initial 2.4 million
common shares, via Kidder Peabody.
   Williams Cos. -- 3.5 million common shares, via Lehman
Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                         Tomorrow
                                                                                                       

   Mecklenburg County, N.C. -- $263,695,000 of various
general obligation bonds, comprising $163,695,000 of
refunding bonds and $100 million of public improvement
general obligation bonds, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   Georgia -- $566,895,000 of unlimited tax general
obligation bonds, comprising $170,985,000 of refunding
general obligation bonds, 1992 Series A, and $395,910,000 of
gen- eral obligation bonds, 1992 Series B, via competitive
bid.
   Westchester County, N.Y. -- $51,645,000 of general
obligation bonds, via competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    One Day in the Week
                                                                                                       

   City and County of Honolulu -- $100 million of general
obligation bonds via a Goldman, Sachs  Co. group.
   Delaware Health Facilities Authority -- $116 million of
revenue bonds, (MBIA Inc.-insured), via a Goldman Sachs
group.
   Greater Orlando Aviation Authority -- $211.6 million of
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A (Alternative Minimum Tax), and
1992 Series B, (non-AMT, insured), via a PaineWebber Inc.
group.
   New York City -- $858,120,000 of general obligation bonds,
encompassing $507,620,000 of fixed-rate tax-exempt bonds,
$100.5 million of tax-exempt capital appreciation bonds, $150
million of taxable fixed-rate bonds and $100 million of
adjustable rate bonds, via a First Boston Corp. group and
Prudential Securities Inc.
   New York State Thruway Authority -- $85,620,000 of
emergency highway construction and reconstruction bonds, 1992
Series A, and $69.7 million of emergency highway recondition
and preservation bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Smith Barney,
Harris Upham  Co. group.
   Philadelphia -- $120 million of water and sewer works
revenue bonds, via a Smith Barney group.
   Texas Municipal Power Agency -- $450 million of refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Goldman Sachs group.
                                                                                                       

                        Indefinite
                                                                                                       

   Florida Board of Education -- $311,580,000 of public
education capital outlay refunding general obligation bonds,
1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
   Florida Department of Natural Resources -- $300 million of
Preservation 2000 revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.