OSHA's Chief,
   Scannell, Plans
   To Resign Post
   ----
   By Albert R. Karr
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
As OSHA chief, Mr. Scannell has been widely praised by
most employer and labor groups, though there have been a few
dissenters in both camps.
   Joseph Kinney, head of the National Safe Workplace
Institute, a Chicago-based advocacy group and formerly a
harsh critic of OSHA, calls Mr. Scannell an "extremely
conscientious" regulator. Employers say Mr. Scannell has
worked more closely with them than his predecessors have; but
increased OSHA fines, which have been most recently boosted
by Congress, sometimes spark protests.
   A United Steelworkers union official says Mr. Scannell
gets "high marks" for his regulatory work, for such things as
including union views into enforcement cases more than OSHA
had done in the past. But Robert Wages, president of the Oil
Chemical and Atomic Workers, has insisted his union was shut
out of some chemical-plant enforcement efforts.
   Mr. Scannell has raised substantially the level of fines
imposed on companies that violate federal standards for work
place safety and health. He has also moved along rule making
for tougher standards in petrochemical and other industries,
and begun efforts that could lead to ground breaking
regulations for on-the-job use of motor vehicles and
restricting smoking at work sites.
   Mr. Scannell has also sought to develop new "ergonomics"
requirements, involving the adaptation of the work place
environment for safer and healthier job conditions, such as
in meatpacking and auto production. The United Food and
Commercial Workers union has publicly criticized that policy,
however, as relying too much on voluntary efforts by
meatpackers.