New Reorganization Plan
   Set by Fairfield
   Communities Inc.
Under the alternative plan, Fairfield proposes turning
over to unsecured creditors 100% of the common stock, or
approximately 10 million shares, in a reorganized company
after canceling current common shares.
   Fairfield proposes issuing warrants to existing
shareholders to purchase nine million shares of new common
stock for a period of 10 years at prices increasing from
$9.78 a share in the first year to $34.39 a share in the
10th.
   Meanwhile, Fairfield said it will attempt to use
"cramdown" procedures in court to impose terms of the
original plan on senior subordinated noteholders. The plan
calls for an accrual of interest due on the notes for 4 1/2
years while Fairfield pays off its senior lenders. It
anticipates that noteholders would be repaid in full 2 1/2
years later.
   Separately, the court approved a settlement of claims by
Security Pacific Bank Arizona, the primary lender to
Fairfield's Arizona home-building business. Under its terms,
Fairfield agreed to provide the bank with $1 million in
additional collateral, and to pay $278,000 to its Arizona
subsidiaries to be applied to the bank debt. In return,
Security Pacific agreed to provide financing for the
subsidiaries through June 30, 1996.