Hovnanian Says
   Home Sales Rose
   200% in January
   ----
   By Jim Carlton
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
J. Larry Sorsby, senior vice president of finance, said
the sales represent new orders, and should translate into
higher closed sales. He said closed sales are expected to
reach 2,400 for the fiscal year that ends Feb. 29, compared
with 1,999 sales in fiscal 1991. Mr. Sorsby declined to give
a projection on earnings for the fourth quarter or year.
Analysts look for fourth-quarter earnings of about $2.6
million, or 12 cents a share, and full-year profit of
$900,000, or four cents a share.
   In the year-earlier fourth-quarter, Hovnanian earned $1.4
million, or six cents a share. For fiscal 1991, it had a loss
of $15.2 million, or 74 cents a share, after setting up
reserves to reflect property depreciation. Hovnanian
continued to lose money through the first half of the current
fiscal year. But it returned to profitability in the third
quarter, ended Nov. 30, with analysts citing its gains in
market share over weakened competitors. "The giants of
homebuilding that have access to capital are dramatically
increasing their share," Mr. Sorsby said.
   He said buyers now entering the market represent only "the
tip of the iceberg," because many people are still waiting
out the recession. And, he said, President Bush's proposal to
give first-time home buyers up to $5,000 in tax credits
"ought to put a rocket booster on our backs." Hovnanian
specializes in entry-level homes for first-time buyers, with
homes beginning at $80,000.
   The state of New Jersey, he added, is contemplating a
similar $2,000 credit, which he estimates would enable the
company to build 600 more homes.