International:
   Nippon Mining Co.,
   Kyodo May Disclose
   Plans for a Merger
Local press reports have said that the two companies will
merge. Kyodo Oil's Mr. Nagashima and Nippon Oil Vice
President Shinichi Ishigaki told a news conference yesterday
that a merger is one of the options the companies are
considering.
   Nippon Mining, a metals and oil refining company, already
owns a 47.1% stake in Kyodo Oil and is a big supplier of
refined products to Kyodo. It is Japan's fifthlargest
refiner. Kyodo Oil is Japan's fourth-largest distributor of
oil products. Together, the two companies would have annual
sales exceeding two trillion yen ($15.16 billion). Nippon Oil
Co. is Japan's largest oil company.
   The officials said the companies have decided to merge to
streamline the two companies' operations and create an
integrated oil company that will have both refining and
retail functions.
   Among Japan's major oil companies, Kyodo Oil currently is
the only major one that doesn't own refineries.
   The merger plan comes at a time when Japan's Ministry of
International Trade and Industry is about to finish its
five-year deregulation plan, aimed at making the country's
oil industry more competitive globally. MITI Minister Kozo
Watanabe said the merger of the two companies "would not be a
bad idea."
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   SHINICHI ISHIGAKI is a vice president of Nippon Mining Co.
Yesterday's edition misidentified the company. Nippon Oil Co.
isn't involved in merger plans between Nippon Mining and
Kyodo Oil Co. as reported in yesterday's edition.
   (WSJ March, 12, 1992)