Who's News:
   New York Times Says
   Business Operations
   Have Been Revamped
The newspaper is published by New York Times Co.
   The reorganization merges circulation, advertising and
sales promotion into a single sales department. William L.
Pollak, 35 years old, was named executive vice president,
sales. He had been senior vice president, circulation.
   James A. Cutie, 40, will become senior vice president,
marketing, from vice president, marketing. The marketing
department will focus on long-term marketing and new business
development strategies, and will develop and expand products
and services.
   Information systems and technology dominated parts of the
newspaper's business operations will be integrated into one
department to run more effectively and play a bigger role in
developing existing and new business opportunities, the
company said. Elise J. Ross, 48, will become senior vice
president, systems and technology, from senior vice
president, systems.
   John M. O'Brien, 49, and Russell T. Lewis, 44, both deputy
general managers, will take on the added title of executive
vice presidents.
   Other changes include the consolidation of all financial
functions into one department headed by Karen Messineo, 35,
who was named vice president, controller. Delivery
responsibilities will go to the production department,
allowing the sales staff to concentrate on customer sales
efforts.