Economy:
   Factory Orders
   In December
   Declined by 5%
   ---
   Consumer Outlays Changed
   Little From November;
   Jobless Claims Increase
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Still, analysts said that the industrial sector doesn't
appear to be backsliding, but is remaining in the holding
pattern it has been in since late summer.
   "It is yet another weak report," said Norman Robertson,
chief economist for Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh. "Weak, but not
deteriorating."
   The 5% dive, the first decline in three months and the
largest in more than a year, helped drive new orders down
4.3% for all of 1991.
   In capital goods industries, orders for items other than
aircraft and parts dropped only a modest 0.7% in December.
"That doesn't sound like the problem in durable goods is a
business weakness, but a consumer weakness," said Priscilla
Trumbull, industrial economist at the WEFA Group in suburban
Philadelphia. "It confirms this was not a Christmas for
consumer durables."
   In another sign that some of the weakness in the economy
stems from a negative mind-set among consumers, Americans
spent just barely more for goods and services in December
than they did in November -- despite the holidays. The
Commerce Department said personal outlays were unchanged in
December, after growing a tiny 0.1% in November.
   However, economists were encouraged that personal income
grew 0.8% after inflation last month. There were some special
factors behind the income growth, including: subsidy payments
to farmers, unemployment insurance benefits and bonuses to
auto workers. But Sandra Shaber, an economist with the
Futures Group here, said, "Regardless of those factors, the
growth is still very encouraging."
   One reason for the lack of consumer spending is continued
bad news on the labor front, which makes consumers wary about
their own job security.
   The Labor Department said the number of Americans filing
new claims for unemployment insurance grew 24,000 in
midJanuary. Some 464,000 people filed initial claims for
unemployment benefits during the week ended Jan. 18, up from
the previous week's revised total of 440,000. The previous
week's level was first reported as 447,000.
   In the week ended Jan. 11, a total of 3,326,000 people
were receiving state unemployment benefits, down 105,000 from
the previous week's revised 3,431,000, which was previously
reported as 3,442,000. The number of people receiving
unemployment benefits, as a percentage of those covered by
unemployment insurance, rose to 3.2% in the week ended Jan.
11 from 3.1% the week before.
                                                                                                       

                       DURABLE GOODS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's latest figures on new
orders for durable goods (seasonally adjusted, in billions):
                                                                                                       

                                 Dec.      Nov.     % Chg.
                                                                                                       

 Total .....................   $117.71    $123.86   - 5.0
   Primary Metals ..........      9.76      10.72   - 8.9
   Nonelect. machinery .....     20.02      20.50   - 2.3
   Electrical machinery ....     18.13      17.64     2.8
   Transportation equip. ...     28.94      33.62   -13.9
   Capital goods ...........     38.68      40.04   - 3.4
   Non-defense .............     29.10      34.88   -16.6
   Defense .................      9.58       5.15    86.0
   ---
                     PERSONAL INCOME
                                                                                                       

   Here is the Commerce Department's latest report on
personal income. The figures are at seasonally adjusted
annual rates in trillions of dollars.
                                                                                                       


                                        1991        1991
                                                                                                       

 Personal income .................     4.923       4.874
   Wages and salaries ............     2.850       2.832
   Factory payrolls ..............      .566        .561
   Transfer payments .............      .795        .778
                                                                                                       

 Disposable personal income ......     4.304       4.257
                                                                                                       

 Personal outlays ................     4.056       4.044
   Consumption expenditures ......     3.948       3.936
   Other outlays .................      .108        .108
                                                                                                       

 Personal saving .................      .248        .213