Oil Companies'
   Profits Dropped
   In 4th Quarter
   ---
   Net at Exxon Declined 28%;
   Mobil, by 38%; Chevron,
   94%, Due to Revamping
   ----
   By Amy Stevens
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Results from the overseas businesses of the three oil
giants turned in strong profits through the year. Exxon
Chairman Lawrence Rawl said three-quarters of that
corporation's earnings were generated offshore and Chevron
Chief Executive Officer Ken Derr said that company's
international operations performed at near-record levels.
   But those profits weren't enough to offset the decline in
results in the U.S., where the economy has been plagued by
recession. "It was a tough year for our industry . . .
unfortunately, 1992 is not off to a good start," said Allen
E. Murray, chairman of Mobil.
   In the U.S., demand for energy faltered through much of
last year along with oil and natural gas prices. The chemical
sector performed dismally. And refining and marketing
operations, except for early last year when product prices
declined more slowly than crude oil prices, did poorly as
well. "You have to have at least one cylinder pumping" to
make a good showing, said William Brown III, analyst for
Kidder, Peabody  Co. in New York.
   Chevron reported quarterly net of $39 million, or 11 cents
a share, vs. $633 million, or $1.80 a share, during the
fourth quarter a year earlier. Earnings were reduced by $244
million related mostly to a previously announced companywide
workforce reduction and a probable cut-back in operations at
the giant Port Arthur refinery in Texas. Earnings during the
fourth quarter of 1990 were reduced by special charges
totaling $123 million. Revenue for the quarter was $10.4
billion, down 25% from $13.8 billion last year.
   Company officials said prices for crude and refined
products fell to their lowest level of the year during 1991's
last quarter. "The recession has continued to weaken demand
for most refined and chemical products . . . the predictable
result has been intense competitive pricing, poor sales
margins and reduced sales volumes," Mr. Derr said.
   The sharpest drop in quarterly earnings came from U.S.
operations, with U.S. exploration and production income
tumbling to $28 million from $325 million. The refining and
marketing sector during the fourth quarter had a loss of $226
million because of a $212 million charge largely regarding
the Port Arthur refinery, while during the same period last
year those operations broke even.
   Exxon reported quarterly net of $1.12 billion, or 89 cents
a share, vs. $1.56 billion, or $1.23 a share, a year earlier.
Revenue slipped 12% to $30.87 billion from $35.12 billion.
   Analysts say that, because the company is so huge and its
operations so widespread, it was better able than other
companies to weather the decline in energy prices and the
vagaries that plagued many sectors of the oil industry. In
fact, "the record profits for the year will allow Exxon to
maintain its capital spending program while many other
companies cut back," said Eugene Nowack, oil analyst for Dean
Witter Reynolds  Co. in New York. "They're able to keep
reinvesting in their businesses at very high levels,"
something that should stand them in good stead for the
future. Exxon stated that it would spend $8.9 billion this
year, the same level it put out for operations last year.
   In the U.S., earnings from exploration and production fell
$299 million to $156 million. Offshore earnings from that
business slipped by $317 million to $706 million. Refining
and marketing operations in the U.S. rose to $47 million from
a loss of $24 million a year earlier. The loss resulted from
charges for environmental upgrading. Overseas, results from
similar operations declined $114 million to $214 million.
   Mobil said its net income for the fourth quarter slipped
to $401 million, or 97 cents a share, from $652 million, or
$1.58 a share. Revenue for the quarter totaled $16.63
billion, down 14% from $19.38 billion a year earlier.
   In the U.S., quarterly earnings from U.S. exploration and
production businesses slid to $53 million from $64 million
while overseas income from similar operations netted $366
million, down from $509 million. Refining and marketing
operations in the U.S. posted a loss of $87 million, compared
with income of $16 million last year. Offshore, these same
businesses netted $124 million, down from $242 million.