Commercial Intertech
   Sees Operating Profit
   Rising for Fiscal Year
He said fiscal 1992 earnings from operations probably will
be in the range of 90 cents to $1 a share, and a net income
projection of $1.30 a share appears reasonable. Net income
will include a gain of 34 cents a share from cumulative
effects of a change in accounting for income taxes.
   In fiscal 1991, the hydraulics, metal buildings and
filtration products concern had net of $11.1 million, or 48
cents a share, on sales of $437 million. However, net
included several nonrecurring items, among them a charge of
91 cents a share for a change in accounting for retiree
benefits, partly offset by recoveries from insurance
companies after a 1990 fire in a French plant.
   The company has lowered its breakeven point and introduced
new products, which will result in higher profit as the
economy recovers, he said. He said filtration equipment and
metal products, including metal buildings, will provide most
of the earnings improvement this year.
   The hydraulics group, which had lower sales and operating
profit in fiscal 1991, will probably be about flat in fiscal
1992, he said. Hydraulic products, which account for nearly
40% of Commercial Intertech's sales, are sold mainly for
construction equipment. That industry has been depressed by
the drop in construction, but there are early signs of a
partial recovery in demand for replacement parts, he said.
Also, the company is adding specialized hydraulic pumps,
valves and cylinders that serve new markets.