Indonesia's Mantrust
   Talks With Creditors
   To Restructure Debt
In 1988, Mantrust's holding company PT Mantrust bought Van
Camp Seafood, owner of Chicken of the Sea brand of canned
tuna, from Ralston Purina Co. of the U.S. for about $280
million. Last month, Van Camp completed a restructuring of
its debts, which Mantrust executives said would help the
Indonesian operations.
   While acknowledging that Mantrust had injected some funds
into Van Camp's operation, Lowell Gruman, Mantrust's vice
president for finance, said most of the debt was taken to
expand mushroom- and tuna-processing in Indonesia to boost
the group's capacity to supply U.S. customers.
   Mr. Gruman expressed confidence that the restructuring
would succeed.
   Bankers said the Mantrust case isn't a shock, as there has
been speculation for months that the diversified concern had
become overextended and faced severe liquidity problems.
   Mantrust is a family-run concern that has sought to keep a
low profile despite sales that last year reached about $1
billion. The group, which has 30,000 employees, at one time
concentrated on domestic trading; it has since become a major
exporter. Executives estimate the group will export $300
million in canned tuna and mushrooms this year.
   Mr. Gruman said Mantrust has sold some assets in recent
months and will be selling more as part of the restructuring.
He said Mantrust will concentrate on "core businesses" of
tuna, mushrooms, milk and trading.