Credit Ratings:
   Royal Trustco Rating
   On $2 Billion of Debt
   Lowered by Moody's
The Toronto financial services concern said it "strongly
disagrees" with Moody's assessments. Royal Trustco said its
nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans in the
U.S. and Canada are lower than those of the six big Canadian
banks. It also said it has more liquid assets and a higher
risk-weighted capital ratio than Canadian industry averages.
Royal Trustco owns Canada's No. 2 trust, which is similar to
a savings and loan.
   A Royal Trustco spokeswoman also discounted Moody's
concerns about the recession in Ontario, saying the rate of
delinquent loans in the province is down from last year. "We
think our core earnings will continue to grow," she said.
   Moody's said it cut its senior-debt rating to Baa-2 from
single-A-3, and on subordinated debt to Baa-3 from Baa-1. The
senior debt and long-term deposits of operating unit Royal
Trust Corp. of Canada were downgraded to single-A-3 from
single-A-1. Royal Trust's short-term deposits were cut to
Prime-2 from Prime-1.
   Royal Trustco's U.S. thrift unit, Pacific First Federal
Savings Bank, had its long-term deposits downgraded to Ba-1
from Baa-3, and its short-term deposits to not-prime from
Prime-3. Moody's also lowered its rating on Pacific First's
subordinated debt to Ba-3 from Ba-1.