Maple Leaf Foods
   Plans Joint Venture
   With ConAgra Inc.
Maple Leaf is the second largest miller of flour in Canada
with an estimated 25% of the domestic market, said Ian de
Verteuil, an analyst with Burns Fry Ltd., Toronto.
   The two new joint venture companies will be owned equally
by Maple Leaf, which is Canada's largest food-processing
concern, and ConAgra, an Omaha, Neb., food processing and
retailing concern.
   Because Maple Leaf is making a greater asset contribution,
the newly formed companies will issue an unspecified number
of preferred shares to Maple Leaf, said Norman Currie,
president of Maple Leaf's milling and baking group. The
transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is expected
to be finalized in May.
   Mr. Currie said Maple Leaf has sought an alliance with a
U.S. company since last May, when the Canadian Wheat Board
lifted certain restrictions on grain and flour imported from
the U.S. Since then, Canadian flour mills have competed
directly with lower-cost U.S. mills, he said.
   Mr. Currie said the alliance with ConAgra will provide
more business for Maple Leaf's bakery-mix operations, which
are currently running at 70% capacity, and will help Maple
Leaf cut its costs by tapping into ConAgra's grain-buying
programs.
   ConAgra will gain its first manufacturing foothold in
Canada and will enter the growing bakery-mix business, Mr. de
Verteuil said. Bakery mixes are dry mixes for breads, cakes
and other items that are sold to fast-food chains and grocery
stores for their in-store bakeries.