Franklin Mint Plans
   Public Stock Offering
   Of 11 Million Shares
Franklin Mint, based in Franklin Center, Pa., last year
generated about $537 million in sales from a wide variety of
products ranging from plates decorated with Christmas seals
or Simpson cartoon characters, to miniature cars, decorative
eggs, and sculptures of characters from "Gone With the Wind".
   Bruce L. Kaplan, president of Kaplan  Co., a Santa
Monica, Calif., financial consulting firm, said Franklin
really "doesn't sell (commemorative) coins like they used
to," but "there's no question that Franklin is the premier
company for collectibles."
   Stewart Resnick, chairman and chief executive, and Lynda
Rae Resnick, vice chairman, who own almost 87% of the
company, filed to sell 4,750,000 shares, which would reduce
their holdings to 63.4%. The company proposed to sell
6,250,000 shares. The filing put the estimated initial
offering price at $15 to $17 a share. Time Warner Inc., which
holds 13.1% of the company, isn't planning to sell any
shares.
   Franklin Mint said $23.9 million of the net proceeds would
be used to repay certain subordinated debt owed to Time
Warner, and about $6.4 million would go to repay certain
mortgage debt.
   With 43.2 million shares outstanding after the offering, a
price of $15 a share would value the company at about $650
million. Underwriters are Morgan Stanley  Co., Lehman
Brothers and Furman Selz Inc.
   Of the initial 11 million shares, 8.8 million will be
offered in the U.S. and Canada and 2.2 million outside the
two countries. Underwriters have the option to sell an
additional 1.65 million shares.
   The bulk of the assets and business of Franklin Mint were
purchased in 1985 from Warner Communications Inc., a unit of
Time Warner, for about $200 million, the filing said.
   The heavy debt load has kept net income weak in the last
few years. After earning $22.5 million in 1987, the company
had three years of widening losses. In 1991 the company went
back into the black, earning $24.4 million as interest
expenses declined sharply.
   Current holders of Franklin Mint shares paid an average
price of $4.59 a share for their holdings, the filing said.