Industry Focus:
   Auto Makers Abandon Hope for a Spring Recovery
   ---
   Big Three Firms Trim Production,
   Face Record Cumulative Loss in 1991
   ----
   By Neal Templin and Bradley A. Stertz
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Such thinking was bolstered last week by Richard Curtin,
director of the University of Michigan's widely followed
consumer confidence survey, who predicted the economy won't
rebound until the second half of the year.
   In all, the U.S. auto makers plan to assemble 1,550,000
cars and 936,527 light trucks (including minivans and Jeeps)
in the first quarter. That's more than the 1.3 million cars
and 626,562 trucks built in the 1991 first quarter. But
production a year ago was severely depressed by the recession
and the Persian Gulf War, resulting in a $2.2 billion
first-quarter operating loss for Detroit's Big Three.
   Until recently, General Motors Corp. had been the most
optimistic of the U.S. auto makers. Just last month, the No.
1 auto maker boosted its first-quarter production schedule by
149,000 cars and 36,000 trucks. But now GM isn't so sanguine
about a quick market turnaround, and company executives say
it will trim back its production schedule in early February.
   GM's competitors have already been moving in this
direction. Chrysler Corp., the No. 3 U.S. auto maker, has
removed about 15,700 cars from its first-quarter schedule
since early December, and Honda Motor Co. has cut about
14,000 cars from its U.S. quarterly production plan since
Christmas. Then last week, No. 2 Ford Motor Co. trimmed its
first-quarter plans by 25,000 cars and 3,000 trucks.
   GM also reversed course on its production plans last
quarter. As late as November, GM was estimating it would
build 718,800 cars and 380,100 trucks in the 1991 fourth
quarter. But when the period closed, GM had built only
673,633 cars and 317,952 trucks.
   Because car makers book profits when they build cars, not
when they sell them, the weak fourth-quarter production
resulted in losses for each of Detroit's Big Three, analysts
say. They project that GM lost between $532 million and $750
million in the period. Estimates of Ford's quarterly loss
range from $375 million to $653 million. Analysts say they
think Chrysler fared better but will still report a loss of
$26 million to $82 million. sh Worst Financial Year eh
   Their expected fourth-quarter red ink of roughly $1.3
billion ensures that the Big Three will report the worst
financial year in the history of U.S. auto making, with
combined losses probably exceeding $6 billion. The previous
record was set in 1980, when the Big Three and American
Motors Corp. (now part of Chrysler) lost a combined $4.2
billion.
   Some analysts are already predicting the Big Three will
post a second consecutive year of losses in 1992. Scott
Merlis of Morgan Stanley  Co. is forecasting that Ford will
lose $466 million this year. He expects GM's loss to be
smaller at $156 million, thanks to strong profit from Europe
and from its Electronic Data Systems unit. Mr. Merlis
predicts Chrysler will lose around $100 million.
   Such forecasts seem to run counter to the mood in Wall
Street, where auto stocks have surged over the past month.
However, many analysts, while still recommending auto stocks
as a long-range buy, aren't forecasting solid earnings before
the fourth quarter. "I fear on the stocks," says Kidder
Peabody's John V. Kirnan, "that we've gotten a little ahead
of ourselves."
   Still, some remain more upbeat. Analyst John Casesa of
Wertheim Schroder  Co. predicts that all three U.S. auto
companies will return to profitability for the full year. He
forecasts that GM will earn $207 million, Ford will earn $618
million and Chrysler will earn $175 million.
   "There's never been a case in the auto industry where
after a severe downturn the auto industry has had only a
modest upturn," Mr. Casesa says, "and I'm inclined to think
this cycle won't be any different."
   Analysts are forecasting that GM will post a loss of
between $292 million and $492 million for the first quarter
of 1992. That would be up from its year-earlier operating
loss of $1.1 billion (not including one-time gains totaling
$710 million), but still hardly good news.
   Ford will have a loss of between $238 million and $405
million in the first quarter, analysts say. A year earlier,
the company had a loss of $884 million. Unlike GM, Ford is
experiencing problems in its overseas operations, notably the
United Kingdom.
   Chrysler seems set to shine by comparison. The most
bearish analyst sees Chrysler losing $93 million in the
period, while Mr. Casesa predicts it will break even. In the
first quarter of 1991, Chrysler had an operating loss of $341
million plus a one-time accounting charge of $257 million.
Chrysler's losses generally have been smaller than those of
its competitors because it began its cost-cutting program
earlier.
   "The company that has the greatest chance of an upside
suprise continues to be Chrysler," says Mr. Kirnan. "It
amazes me how quickly they've got their costs under control."
   ---
                    Auto estimate table
                                                                                                       

                           CARS
                                                                                                       

                        1992        1991       %Chg.
                                                                                                       

   GM .........       762,000      588,813     + 29.4
   Ford .......       297,000      260,033     + 14.2
   Chrysler ...       143,307      114,125     + 25.6
   Honda ......       123,362      108,961     + 13.2
   Mazda ......        13,779       37,397     - 63.2
   Nissan .....        37,145       36,188     +  2.7
   Toyota .....        61,848       55,736     + 11.0
   Nummi ......        53,000       51,299     +  3.3
   DiamStar....        43,420       38,899     + 11.6
   Subru-Isu...        15,261       14,102     +  8.2
     Total ....     1,550,152    1,305,553     + 18.7
                                                                                                       

                          TRUCKS
                                                                                                       

   GM .........       364,000      233,271     + 56.0
   Ford .......       372,000      246,115     + 51.1
   Chrysler ...       135,478       99,233     + 36.5
   Nissan .....        38,124       34,715     +  9.8
   Subru-Isu...        17,925       13,228     + 35.5
   Nummi ......         9,000            0
     Total ....       936,527      626,562     + 49.5