Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Advance 15.87 Points;
   Dividend Payments Help Buying
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Advancing issues outpaced decliners, 1,076 to 630, on the
Big Board. Volume swelled to 194,530,000 shares from
160,620,000 Monday but was still below the 200-million-plus
levels that have prevailed since the Christmas rally.
   Traders attributed some of yesterday's rise to the
distribution by many companies of their first-quarter
dividends. That put as much as $10 billion into investors'
hands for reinvestment in the stock market.
   Among the 30 Dow industrial stocks, yesterday's rise
reversed moves that occurred in the previous four days of
declines. Michael Lockwood, head trader at S.G. Warburg,
suggested that investors are simply "backtracking -- just
bouncing back from some oversold levels."
   No particular type of stock was in the forefront. The
leadership of the Dow stocks related to the economic cycle,
which prevailed earlier this year as investors bet that the
economy was poised to rebound, has been absent in both last
week's decline and yesterday's advance.
   Blue-chip growth issues -- stocks of companies that are
expected to produce consistent earnings under all kinds of
economic conditions -- were among the day's gainers.
   Philip Morris added 7/8 to 76 7/8; Coca-Cola Co. rose 1
1/8 to 81 1/4, and Procter  Gamble edged up 5/8 to 99 3/8.
Some cyclicals also rose: Goodyear Tire gained 1 1/8 to 61
7/8; Allied-Signal jumped 1 to 49 5/8 and Boeing rose 3/8 to
45 1/4 after losing 1 1/4 Monday.
   "The market has rotated through every sector except the
energy stocks," said Michael Metz, chief strategist at
Oppenheimer  Co. "Everything else is pretty fully
exploited."
   John Blair III, head of equity trading at County NatWest
USA, added that investors already have placed all the bets
they can on a recovery. For the moment, many are waiting for
further signals that a recovery is under way. Meanwhile,
"people are grasping at straws" -- including market rumors --
to pick and choose among particular stocks.
   Yesterday, for instance, shares of Foxmeyer gained 1 1/8
to 14 1/2 after TV commentator Dan Dorfman speculated on
CNBC/FNN that the wholesale drug distributor might be bought
by Ivax Corp., whose shares rose 7/8 to 34 3/4.
   Johnson  Johnson lost 1 3/8 to 96 5/8 on other rumors
that U.S. Surgical would sue the pharmaceutical concern for
alleged patent violations. U.S. Surgical later confirmed that
a suit had been filed against JJ's Ethicon division,
charging a patent violation regarding the Endo-Clip, a
surgical tool used to clip blood vessels and ducts in
gall-bladder surgery.
   Stifel Financial jumped 2 7/8 to 10 3/8. Raymond James
Financial said it signed a letter of intent to acquire the
brokerage firm in a stock swap valued at $40 million. Under
the agreement, Stifel shareholders will receive about $11.50
a share in Raymond James stock for each Stifel share held.
Raymond James slipped 3/8 to 25 1/2. The plan is subject to
approval by Stifel's shareholders and the boards of both
companies, among other things.
   Enhance Financial Service added 2 1/8 to 21. The reinsurer
of municipal debt, which issued stock in an initial public
offering last month, said it earned 51 cents a share in the
fourth quarter, up from 38 cents a share a year earlier.
   Marshall Industries gained 1 3/4 to 29 5/8. The
distributor of electronic parts and tools on Monday reported
higher-than-expected earnings of 56 cents a share for the
third quarter. Per-share profit of 52 cents was projected in
a survey of three analysts by First Call, a unit of Thompson
Financial Networks.
   Shares of Tenneco edged up 1/8 to 39 1/8. A representative
of the oil and gas company said she was aware that Merrill
Lynch had upgraded the company's stock to "buy" from
"neutral" for both the intermediate and long terms. Merrill
analyst Donald Dufresne wouldn't comment.
   Hewlett-Packard added 1 1/2 to 76 5/8. A New York Times
article yesterday noted that the maker of electronic
instruments has a "commanding market share" in three
categories of computer printers. The company also announced
it had been awarded a $4.2 million multiyear contract from
California's department of corrections for the sale of
equipment, software and services that will be used to
automate the tracking of the state's parolees.