Economy:
   Economists Predict Bleak Winter, Then Mild Recovery
   ---
   Survey of 42 Points
   To Slow '92 Growth,
   Static Jobless Picture
   ----
   By Tom Herman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But for many Americans, this won't be a happy New Year.
Economists predict 1992 growth will be sluggish and well
below the typical economic recovery. Some regions, such as
the Northeast, will revive much more slowly than the national
economy. And the unemployment rate will be about the same
late this year as it is now.
   Most interest rates will drop slightly over the next few
months, many economists say. Lower rates will encourage more
Americans to refinance their mortgages, trimming their
monthly payments. The national average on 30-year fixed-rate
mortgages already has tumbled to 8.43% from 9.76% a year ago,
says Paul Havemann, vice president of HSH Associates, a
Butler, N.J., publisher of mortgage information. Some
mortgage specialists expect fixed-rate mortgages to drop to
8.25% or possibly even 8% soon, which should stimulate home
buying.
   Later this year, interest rates will edge higher,
according to the consensus view. Inflation will remain
moderate at about 3% all year. In the foreign-exchange
markets, the dollar, which has fallen sharply in recent
months, will rise slightly against the Japanese yen.
   As unemployment mounts this winter, more lawmakers will
worry about losing their own jobs next November. The result,
according to 37 of the 42 analysts, will be a tax cut. Some
predict Congress will allow savers to cash in part of their
individual retirement accounts and other savings plans,
without penalty, for such items as first-time home purchases,
medical emergencies and education.
   A slow-growth scenario will be great news for investors,
according to Edward Yardeni of C.J. Lawrence Inc. He says
inflation will remain moderate and interest rates will
tumble, a combination that is "very bullish for stocks."
   Although it's frequently smart to bet against the
consensus forecast, many investors are betting heavily on it
this time around.
   Stock prices burst into record territory earlier this
week. Bond prices also have soared. Treasury bond yields have
dived below 7.5% to their lowest levels in nearly five years,
and three-month Treasury bills now yield less than 4%.
   But before gambling heavily on this outcome, remember that
no one in this survey six months ago even came close to being
right on how far down the Federal Reserve would drive
short-term interest rates in 1991. Remember also that in
mid-1990, 35 of the 40 economists surveyed predicted that the
economy would continue expanding for at least another 12
months. Shortly thereafter, the recession began.
   There are other reasons to be especially skeptical this
time of the consensus view on the outlook for economic
recovery.
   How can the economy lift off under the massive weight of
huge public and private debt burdens? Where are consumers
going to find extra spending money when they will have to dig
deeper into their pockets to pay higher state and local
taxes? Why is it reasonable to expect more consumer spending
at a time when surveys show widespread pessimism and growing
fear of unemployment? How can lower interest rates do much
good as long as banks are leery about lending?
   Among those who won't swallow what passes for conventional
wisdom is William A. Brown, chief economist at J.P. Morgan &
Co., parent of Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. He predicts a
"sharp" contraction in the economy in this year's first half.
   An even bigger decline is expected by A. Gary Shilling,
who heads his own consulting firm in Springfield, N.J. He
predicts the civilian unemployment rate will soar to 9% by
May and 10% by November. (That chilling 10% forecast is the
same prediction Mr. Shilling made one year ago for November
1991. The actual November figure was 6.8%.)
   For Christmas, Mr. Shilling sent clients and friends "The
Excess Card," a wooden "credit card" with the slogan "Helping
you maintain a lifestyle you can't afford." The name on the
card: I.M. BROKE.
   Philip Braverman of DKB Securities Corp. predicts the
economy will remain mired in recession at least through
spring -- and quite possibly throughout the entire year. "The
stability of the financial system could literally be at risk
amid widespread financial distress and soaring bankruptcies
among thrifts, banks, insurance companies, other financial
institutions, LBOs {leveraged buy-outs}, real estate firms
and other businesses in manufacturing and services," he
contends.
   Some non-economists as well aren't impressed by the
consensus forecast. "It's not that the borrowers aren't
willing to borrow but that banks are not willing to lend,"
says Max Freund, a New York City lawyer. "I'm no economist,
but it seems to me the repeated reductions in interest rates
have not resulted in increased lending so far. So what makes
all these economists think this will change?"
   Equally dubious is Raul Gonzalez, a 32-year-old New York
City doorman. "I don't believe these economists. My gut tells
me we're headed for more trouble," he says. Mr. Gonzalez
cheerfully acknowledges his forecasts are wild guesses. But
remember: When Mr. Gonzalez was included among a group of
non-economists surveyed by the Journal at the end of 1989,
his bond-yield forecast for the following six months came a
lot closer to the mark than most of the pros. He didn't do
badly on bonds last year, either, predicting that Treasury
bonds would yield 7.90% by the end of 1991. That was off by
only about half a percentage point -- a better performance
than about half the professional forecasters surveyed.
   Cheer up, most economists retort. In reply to Mr. Freund's
question, they say federal regulators already are urging
bankers to be less Scrooge-like, and that this will lead to
increased lending soon. "As rates come down, more people will
qualify for loans and more projects will look profitable to
businesses and to the banks," says Mr. Straszheim of Merrill.
   Chicken Little investors keeping their savings mostly in
cash will miss big opportunities in the financial markets
this year, several analysts predict. History shows that it's
dangerous to bet against stocks in a presidential election
year. "Cash investing is an oxymoron," says Robert Barbera of
Lehman Brothers.
   Adds Mr. Straszheim: "Always at this time of the business
cycle, people say lower interest rates won't help. And
they're always wrong."
   Here are average forecasts and other predictions culled
from this newspaper's year-end survey of 42 economists:
   -- The economy will expand at only a 1.1% annual rate in
this year's first half and a 3% clip in the last six months,
after inflation. These estimates are based on gross domestic
product.
   -- Housing, after a poor 1991, will be among the country's
strongest areas this year, thanks to lower interest rates.
Housing-related industries such as appliances, furniture and
lumber will benefit. Auto sales will perk up. U.S. exports
will improve because the dollar's drop in the
foreign-exchange markets in the second half of last year is
making U.S. exports more competitive in world markets. Some
analysts, though, worry that exports won't boom this year
because so many of America's major trading partners are
enduring tough times, too.
   -- Commercial real estate will remain in the doldrums,
with more and more office towers turning into see-through
buildings. The industry will suffer "for at least the next
few years," says Mr. Barbera of Lehman Brothers.
   -- Long-term borrowing costs will decline very slightly in
coming months, helped by growing optimism that inflation will
remain under control. Also, Treasury officials have said they
are thinking about cutting the amount of new 30-year bonds
they issue this year. The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds,
which has fallen to 7.39% from 8.41% in mid-1991, will be
7.30% on June 30. At the end of 1992, they will yield 7.49%.
   -- Short-term interest rates will also be lower next
summer. The yield on three-month Treasury bills will be 3.80%
at midyear, compared with 3.93% Tuesday. By year end, the
rate will be 4.25%.
   -- The civilian unemployment rate will rise to 7% next
May, then drift back down to 6.8% in November, exactly the
same as November 1991.
   -- Opinion is sharply divided on whether the nation is
still in a recession. Many agreed, though, that whatever it's
called, the economy is hardly moving at all. Robert Dederick
of Northern Trust Co. in Chicago describes the economy as
"suspended between stagnation and slippage."
   -- Analysts are sharply divided on how big this year's tax
cut will be, and what taxes will be cut. Several predicted
Congress would cut rates for low- and middle-income
taxpayers, reduce the capital-gains rate, and raise the rate
on the wealthiest. Some, such as Dewey Daane of Vanderbilt
University, strongly favor an investment tax credit to
stimulate business investment. Gail Fosler of the Conference
Board, a business research group, says all the wrangling over
the size of a tax cut, which taxes to cut, and whether it
would help or hurt politically "may keep cuts from passing."
   -- President Bush will keep his job, according to all but
six of the analysts. Two dissenters said Arkansas Gov. Bill
Clinton, a Democrat, will win, two picked an unnamed
Democrat, and two said they have no idea what will happen.
                                                                                                       

   WINNERS AND LOSERS: Nobody in the mid-1991 survey even
came close with their predictions of short-term interest
rates. Nearly everyone also missed the dollar by a wide
margin. But several came very close to the mark on long-term
bonds. And many also came very close on the unemployment
rate.
   On short-term rates, the average forecast called for
three-month Treasury bills to yield 5.84% at year end. The
actual number: 3.93%.
   That was down sharply from 5.62% six months ago and 6.62%
a year ago.
   Edward Hyman of ISI Group Inc. came the closest, with his
5% forecast. The worst guess was 6.60%, by Alan Reynolds of
the Hudson Institute.
   Six months ago, the consensus forecast called for the
dollar to buy 141 Japanese yen by the end of 1991. Instead,
the dollar as of Dec. 31 bought 125 yen. The best forecast:
Mr. Braverman of DKB Securities, at 130 yen. The most
inaccurate: Jerry Jordan of First Interstate Bancorp. in Los
Angeles, at 155 yen.
   On long-term bonds, the best forecast of six months ago
came from Mr. Hyman, at 7.30%, off by less than one tenth of
a percentage point. Edward Yardeni also was close, at 7.50%.
Lawrence Kudlow of Bear, Stearns & Co. predicted 7.70%. Sam
Kahan of Fuji Securities Inc., James Smith of the University
of North Carolina and David L. Littmann of Manufacturers
National Bank in Detroit each predicted 7.75%. The most
accurate forecast of one year ago: Mr. Barbera of Lehman, at
7.40%. But last summer he revised it to 8.50%.
   Irwin L. Kellner, who predicted a 9% bond yield, was wrong
by more than 1 1/2 percentage points. "Undaunted by my big
miss, I'm still a bear on bonds," says Mr. Kellner, who
recently was named chief economist at Chemical Banking Corp.,
formed by the merger of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. and
Chemical Banking Corp.
   Even further from the mark was Morris Markovitz, president
of Mercury Management Associates Inc. in New York. In a
letter dated Jan. 4 of last year, Mr. Markovitz wrote this
reporter to express his indignation about economists' views
in The Wall Street Journal survey published two days earlier.
"I think that, as a group, they're completely off base," he
wrote. "I don't think there's one amongst them that
understands what's happening now, so how can they forecast
what will?"
   Unfortunately, Mr. Markovitz didn't stop there. He
volunteered his own forecasts: Three-month T-bills would
yield 10.5% by the end of 1991. The yield on 30-year Treasury
bonds would soar to 10.2% and inflation in the second half of
1991 would be running a sizzling 7% annual rate.
   Six months ago, Mr. Markovitz provided updates: T-bills at
year end would yield 6.5%, bonds would yield "9.4% or more,"
and second-half inflation would be 6.2%.
   "I didn't expect the Fed to be so easy," Mr. Markovitz now
explains. "This is an election year, and {Alan Greenspan,
chairman of the Federal Reserve Board} caved in politically.
I was wrong about the politics and right on the economics."
   It's too early to declare a winner on the economy or
inflation, since government figures aren't yet available. But
if there were an award for over-optimism, the winner would be
John Mueller of Lehrman Bell Mueller Cannon Inc. He had
predicted 4.6% second-half growth. The actual number will
probably be only about 1%, he and many other analysts now
say.
   Richard Hoey correctly predicted that he would be the only
survey participant who personally would reduce the ranks of
the unemployed. In the spring, he lost his job as chief U.S.
economist at Barclays de Zoete Wedd. Early in July, he was
named chief economist at Dreyfus Corp. "I am no longer Wall
Street's leading unemployed economist," he says with a laugh.
"You've got to have a sense of humor about this business."
   ---
               A Sampling of Interest Rate,
              Economic and Currency Forecasts
                                                                                                       

        (In percent except for the dollar vs. yen)
                                                                                                       

                   June 1991 Survey
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

         3-Mos.    30-Yr.    GNP**    CPI#    DLR.
             TREASURY         2nd     2nd     vs.
         BILLS*    BONDS     HALF     HALF    YEN
          12/31    12/31     1991     1991   12/31
                                                                                                       

 Robert Barbera, Lehman Brothers
           6.40     8.50      4.2      3.6    140
                                                                                                       

 David Berson, Fannie Mae
           6.18     8.65      2.9      3.6    145
                                                                                                       

 Paul Boltz, T. Rowe Price
           6.40     8.75      2.6      3.8    145
                                                                                                       

 Philip Braverman, DKB Securities
           5.20     7.80     -1.0      3.0    130
                                                                                                       

 William A. Brown, J.P. Morgan
           N.A.     N.A.     N.A.     N.A.   N.A.
                                                                                                       

 Dewey Daane, Vanderbilt Univ.
           6.00     8.75      1.6      3.8    133
                                                                                                       

 Robert Dederick, Northern Trust
           5.85     8.25      3.5      3.8    140
                                                                                                       

 Kathryn Eickhoff, Eickhoff Econ.
           5.50     8.25      1.4      3.9    137
                                                                                                       

 Gail Fosler, Conference Board

                                                                                                       

 Lyle Gramley, Mortg. Bankers Assn.
           5.60     8.30      2.3      3.6    140
                                                                                                       

 Maury Harris, PaineWebber Inc.
           5.75     8.00      3.3      3.5    140
                                                                                                       

 Richard Hoey, Dreyfus Corp.
           5.80     7.90      4.4      3.1    141
                                                                                                       

 Stuart G. Hoffman, PNC Fin'l Corp.
           6.15     8.25      1.5      3.9    144
                                                                                                       

 Edward Hyman, ISI Group Inc.
           5.00     7.30      0.0      3.0    145
                                                                                                       

 Saul Hymans, Univ. of Michigan
           5.64     8.19      3.0      3.8    136
                                                                                                       

 David Jones, Aubrey G. Lanston
           6.00     8.75      3.2      4.4    140
                                                                                                       

 Jerry Jordan, First Interstate
           6.10     8.00      3.4      3.9    155
                                                                                                       

 Samuel Kahan, Fuji Securities
           5.75     7.75      2.0      3.3    140
                                                                                                       

 Irwin Kellner, Chemical Banking
           6.00     9.00      1.8      2.9    135
                                                                                                       

 Lawrence Kudlow, Bear Stearns
           6.30     7.70      2.7      3.5    145
                                                                                                       

 Carol Leisenring, CoreStates Fin'l
           5.80     8.00      2.0      3.6    145
                                                                                                       

 Alan Lerner, Bankers Trust Co.
           5.55     8.40      3.0      4.5    150
                                                                                                       

 Mickey Levy, CRT Govt. Securities
           5.70     8.40      1.3      4.0    144
                                                                                                       

 William Melton, IDS
           6.20     8.10      3.2      3.3    132
                                                                                                       

 Lynn Michaelis, Weyerhaeuser Co.
           5.50     8.50      1.2      3.1    135
                                                                                                       

 Arnold Moskowitz, Moskowitz Capital
           5.25     7.90      2.0      3.3    138
                                                                                                       

 John Mueller, Lehrman Bell
           5.60     8.20      4.6      3.5    133
                                                                                                       

 Elliott Platt, Donaldson Lufkin

                                                                                                       

 Donald Ratajczak, Georgia State Univ.
           5.95     8.25      3.0      3.7    135
                                                                                                       

 David Resler, Nomura Securities Int'l
           5.80     8.25      1.5      2.8    145
                                                                                                       

 Alan Reynolds, Hudson Institute
           6.60     7.80      3.8      3.0    140
                                                                                                       

 Richard Rippe, Prudential Securities
           6.00     7.80      2.7      3.8    135
                                                                                                       

 Norman Robertson, Mellon Bank
           5.70     8.50      2.8      3.0    143
                                                                                                       

 A. Gary Shilling, Shilling & Co.
           5.80     8.70      1.8      2.4    150
                                                                                                       

 Allen Sinai, Boston Co.
           5.92     8.27      2.0      3.6    133
                                                                                                       

 James Smith, Univ. of N.C.
           5.48     7.75      2.8      2.8    148
                                                                                                       

 Neal Soss, First Boston Corp.
           6.20     8.50      3.0      4.3    145
                                                                                                       

 Donald Straszheim, Merrill Lynch
           5.95     8.65      2.7      3.9    142
                                                                                                       

 Joseph Wahed, Wells Fargo Bank
           5.50     8.00      1.5      3.5    140
                                                                                                       

 Raymond Worseck, A.G. Edwards
           6.00     8.00      1.3      3.5    140
                                                                                                       

 David Wyss, DRI/McGraw-Hill
           6.30     8.70      3.1      3.0    140
                                                                                                       

 Edward Yardeni, C.J. Lawrence
           5.50     7.50      2.0      3.5    140
                                                                                                       

  AVERAGE FORECAST##
            5.8    48.22      2.4      3.6    141
                                                                                                       

  CLOSING RATES AS OF 12/31/91###
           3.9     37.39      N.A.     N.A.   125
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                  New Forecasts for 1992
                                                                                                       

   3-Month     30-Year                Inflation
  Treasury    Treasury       GDP**      Rate#      Dollar
   Bills       Bonds      1st   2nd   1st   2nd    vs. Yen
 6/30 12/31  6/30 12/31   Half  Half  Half  Half  June  Dec.

 Robert Barbera, Lehman Brothers
 3.90  5.00  7.10  7.50    3.1   4.3   3.3   3.3   130   135
                                                                                                       

 David Berson, Fannie Mae
 3.80  4.70  7.67  7.93    1.6   3.3   3.4   3.7   122   130
                                                                                                       

 Paul Boltz, T. Rowe Price
 3.75  4.75  7.50  8.00    1.8   3.0   4.5   4.0   125   135
                                                                                                       

 Philip Braverman, DKB Securities
 2.75  2.50  7.00  6.75   -1.0   1.0   2.5   2.5   125   123
                                                                                                       

 William A. Brown, J.P. Morgan
 3.40  3.65  7.15  7.25   -1.5   2.7   2.7   3.0   125   122
                                                                                                       

 Dewey Daane, Vanderbilt Univ.
 4.30  4.80  8.00  8.25    0.8   1.4   3.5   4.5   120   125
                                                                                                       

 Robert Dederick, Northern Trust
 3.60  4.00  7.20  7.40    1.2   3.1   3.5   3.5   125   125
                                                                                                       

 Kathryn Eickhoff, Eickhoff Econ.
 4.00  4.10  7.00  6.80    2.1   2.9   3.5   3.6   125   130
                                                                                                       

 Gail Fosler, Conference Board
 4.00  4.00  7.70  8.00    1.3   2.8   3.5   4.0   120   120
                                                                                                       

 Lyle Gramley, Mortg. Bankers Assn.
 3.80  4.00  7.30  7.40    1.9   3.0   3.1   2.9   125   128
                                                                                                       

 Maury Harris, PaineWebber Inc.
 3.80  4.30  7.30  7.30    2.3   2.8   3.5   3.5   130   135
                                                                                                       

 Richard Hoey, Dreyfus Corp.
 3.65  4.25  7.20  7.70   -0.5   4.1   2.5   2.7   125   135
                                                                                                       

 Stuart G. Hoffman, PNC Fin'l Corp.
 3.50  4.20  7.40  7.65    1.4   3.2   3.5   3.7   124   130
                                                                                                       

 Edward Hyman, ISI Group Inc.
 3.40  3.50  6.80  7.00    0.5   3.0   2.0   2.0   140   140
                                                                                                       

 Saul Hymans, Univ. of Michigan
 4.00  4.20  7.20  7.10    2.7   3.5   3.3   3.5   123   123
                                                                                                       

 David Jones, Aubrey G. Lanston
 4.00  4.75  7.50  7.75   -0.6   2.0   3.3   3.5   125   130
                                                                                                       

 Jerry Jordan, First Interstate
 4.50  5.10  7.70  7.90    3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   129   135
                                                                                                       

 Samuel Kahan, Fuji Securities
 4.00  4.65  7.25  7.75    2.0   3.3   3.0   3.5   130   145
                                                                                                       

 Irwin Kellner, Chemical Banking
 4.25  4.75  8.00  8.50    1.6   3.4   2.0   3.0   115   100

 Lawrence Kudlow, Bear Stearns
 4.15  4.70  7.20  7.70    3.2   3.4   2.6   2.3   135   140
                                                                                                       

 Carol Leisenring, CoreStates Fin'l
 4.00  4.90  7.50  7.80    1.2   3.1   2.6   3.0   122   135
                                                                                                       

 Alan Lerner, Bankers Trust Co.
 3.75  4.50  7.50  8.10    1.0   4.0   3.5   3.7   130   155
                                                                                                       

 Mickey Levy, CRT Govt. Securities
 3.75  4.20  7.25  7.70    0.4   2.0   3.3   3.6   136   146
                                                                                                       

 William Melton, IDS
 4.30  5.00  7.80  8.00    2.1   2.8   3.2   3.4   130   133
                                                                                                       

 Lynn Michaelis, Weyerhaeuser Co.
 3.50  3.80  7.20  7.00    0.0   3.1   3.0   2.7   125   120
                                                                                                       

 Arnold Moskowitz, Moskowitz Capital
 4.10  4.70  7.40  7.60    1.9   3.5   3.1   2.5   136   139
                                                                                                       

 John Mueller, Lehrman Bell
 4.02  4.13  7.40  7.31    2.8   2.9   2.4   3.3   124   123
                                                                                                       

 Elliott Platt, Donaldson Lufkin
 4.10  4.61  7.80  8.50    1.9   3.0   3.8   4.3   132   140
                                                                                                       

 Donald Ratajczak, Georgia State Univ.
 3.88  4.53  7.45  7.70   -0.5   2.8   3.0   4.0   122   128
                                                                                                       

 David Resler, Nomura Securities Int'l
 3.50  4.00  7.00  6.80    0.5   2.9   3.2   3.3   123   125
                                                                                                       

 Alan Reynolds, Hudson Institute
 4.20  5.00  7.00  7.70    1.4   3.3   2.4   2.8   131   128
                                                                                                       

 Richard Rippe, Prudential Securities
 3.85  4.40  7.40  8.00    1.6   3.6   3.6   3.2   120   130
                                                                                                       

 Norman Robertson, Mellon Bank
 3.85  4.20  7.50  7.70    1.0   3.2   2.5   3.5   127   132
                                                                                                       

 A. Gary Shilling, Shilling & Co.
 3.25  3.00  6.00  5.00   -3.5   1.0   2.0   1.8   160   180
                                                                                                       

 Allen Sinai, Boston Co.
 3.75  4.05  6.93  7.10    0.3   2.8   2.6   2.9   117   123
                                                                                                       

 James Smith, Univ. of N.C.
 3.55  3.25  6.75  6.25    3.7   3.4   2.6   2.4   143   151
                                                                                                       

 Neal Soss, First Boston Corp.
 3.25  3.75  6.99  7.01   -0.3   2.6   3.5   3.0   130   130
                                                                                                       

 Donald Straszheim, Merrill Lynch
 3.85  4.35  7.75  7.95    0.7   3.2   3.3   3.6   123   120

 Joseph Wahed, Wells Fargo Bank
 3.40  3.80  7.20  7.60    1.7   2.8   3.4   4.0   125   123
                                                                                                       

 Raymond Worseck, A.G. Edwards
 4.00  4.50  7.25  7.50    1.8   2.8   2.5   3.0   142   138
                                                                                                       

 David Wyss, DRI/McGraw-Hill
 3.60  4.60  7.40  7.50    1.5   4.5   3.8   3.6   120   130
                                                                                                       

 Edward Yardeni, C.J. Lawrence
 3.50  3.50  7.00  7.00   -0.5   2.0   3.0   2.5   125   135
                                                                                                       

  AVERAGE FORECAST##
 3.80  4.25  7.30  7.49    1.1   3.0   3.0   3.2   128   132
                                                                                                       

   *Treasury bill rates are on a bond-equivalent basis. **The
June 1991 survey included forecasts for inflation-adjusted
gross national product, seasonally adjusted annual rate. The
1992 outlook includes forecasts for inflation-adjusted gross
domestic product. #Consumer price index, annual rate.
##Averages for the June 1991 survey, published July 5, are
for the 40 analysts polled at that time. ###Government
estimates of second-half economic performance and inflation
are not yet available.