Most Carriers Match
   Northwest Fare Cut
AMR Corp.'s American Airlines, UAL Corp.'s United and
Continental Airlines Holdings all said they'd match Northwest
on both fare actions. Delta Air Lines and USAir Group Inc.
went along only on the 30-day fare. American West Airlines
declined to match either initiative. "Our fares are already
the lowest in most markets," an America West spokesman said.
   It's unclear whether Northwest's move on the seven-day
leisure-class fares will stick given the industry's split
decision on matching it. Yesterday's actions make an already
complicated fare structure even more bewildering, as most
airlines are set to increase their 21-day advance purchase
fares 2% later this week. That increase was originally set
for last week, but several carriers got cold feet. Northwest
is a unit of NWA Inc., which is a unit in turn of Wings
Holdings Inc.
   Separately, an American Airlines move to stimulate
international business travel with a two-for-one promotion
was matched by Delta but several other carriers said they
were still reviewing it. The Atlanta carrier said it would
make the same offer to its frequent fliers "even though we
see no benefit," a spokesman said. Delta has been saying for
weeks that its international summer bookings are strong
enough not to require promotions to fill seats.