Abreast of the Market:
   Industrial Average Advances 10.73
   In Year's Second Slowest Session
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith and Neal Lipschutz
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index added 0.74 to
409.53, the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0.41
to 226.61, and the Dow Jones Equity Market Index gained 0.74
to 386.44.
   Investors spent yesterday assessing the market's
performance during the first month of the year and trying to
decide what might lie ahead.
   While the market's late December rally carried over into
the first half of January, the last two weeks of the month
were marked by losses. The SP 500 index fell 1.99% in
January, even as the industrial average climbed 1.72%.
   Conventional wisdom holds that the deterioration of the
broader market averages foreshadows further losses, but
market experts are circumspect about generalizing from the
current situation.
   "It's too early to say what it means," said Ricky T.
Harrington, director of investment policy at Marion Bass
Securities. Likewise, Mr. Harrington said he's unsure how to
read the recent decline in the Dow Jones Utility Average.
   A downturn in the utility average, which lost 6.97% in
January, often indicates that interest rates will soon turn
higher. But Mr. Harrington said the utilities' move may
merely be a sign of widespread expectations of an economic
rebound. An imminent recovery would make other sectors of the
market more attractive and lead to selling of economically
defensive stocks such as utilities.
   Mr. Harrington added that low natural gas prices have hurt
gas stocks and skewed the index. The utility index fell 1.50
to 208.88 yesterday.
   Advancing stocks led declining stocks on the Big Board,
923-820.
   Dennis Jarrett, market strategist at Kidder Peabody, said
investors have their eyes on two events coming this week:
tomorrow's announcement of the size of the Treasury's
first-quarter refunding auctions and Friday's unemployment
report for January.
   The stock market largely ignored yesterday's report from
the National Association of Purchasing Management that its
January index of business activity was unchanged from
December at 47.4%. A reading below 50% indicates that the
nation's manufacturing sector is shrinking.
   January marked the third consecutive month in which more
U.S. companies raised their dividends than in the
year-earlier month.
   Figures from Standard  Poor's showed the dividend picture
getting "off to a good start" in 1992, said Joseph Lisanti,
senior editor of SP's "Outlook" newsletter. "Overall, it's
positive but not wildly enthusiastic."
   Mr. Lisanti said that as long as the perception of a weak
economy lingers and consumer confidence stays low, "corporate
boards will be a bit reluctant to push their dividends
ahead."
   The January figures compare with fairly weak dividend data
from January 1991. SP said 124 companies raised dividends
last month, up from 112 in January 1991. But in January 1990,
148 companies raised dividends.
   Last month also was the fourth month in the past five in
which more companies boosted dividends than a year earlier.
Until September, there had been 22 consecutive months of
negative year-to-year dividend comparisons.
   SP also reported that five companies resumed dividends
last month, while none did in the year-earlier month, and 11
cut dividends, fewer than the 24 dividend reductions in
January 1991. In January 1990, four companies reduced
dividends.
   Eleven companies omitted dividends last month, compared
with 28 in January 1991 and 15 in January 1990.
   RJR Nabisco topped the most active list, adding 1/4 to 10
1/2 on volume of 3.2 million shares. The food and tobacco
company reported fourth-quarter profit of 14 cents a share,
reversing a loss of 10 cents a share a year earlier and
better than many analysts had expected.
   Upjohn reported fourth-quarter earnings of 76 cents a
share, compared with profit from continuing operations of 63
cents a share. The drug company's stock rallied 1 3/4 to 43.
   American Express rose 1 5/8 to 22 1/4. The company said it
plans to sell part of its information processing unit in an
initial public offering. American Express said it will hold
55% to 65% of the unit after the offering.
   Digital Equipment gained 1 3/4 to 52 1/8. Merrill Lynch
raised its rating on the stock, citing its recent pullback.
   National Health Laboratories dropped 1 to 25 1/2. The
company plans to file a 14 million-share secondary stock
offering.
   Rhone-Poulenc Rorer jumped 3 to 64 3/4. The company said
30% profit growth in 1992 is "attainable" and boosted its
quarterly dividend to 14 cents a share from 12 cents. The
company reported fourth-quarter profit of 90 cents a share,
down from $1.21 a year earlier.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index eased 0.05
to 411.32. Volume was 18,765,000 shares, up from 16,048,000
Friday. There were 353 issues advancing and 273 declining.
   U.S. Bioscience collapsed 13 3/4 to 17 3/4. On Friday the
Food and Drug Administration, contrary to widespread
expectations, declined to approve the company's Ethyol drug
for use in chemotherapy.
   Unimar lost 1 1/8 to 6 5/8 after reporting that
fourth-quarter cash flow fell to $9.7 million from $29
million a year earlier.