Who's News:
   Teleflex Board Alters
   Its Makeup as Policy
   Curbs Inside Directors
John J. Sickler, 50, president of TFX Equities Inc., David
S. Boyer, 49, president of Teleflex, Dr. Roy C. Carriker, 54,
president of Sermatech International, and Richard A.
Woodfield, 49, president of Rusch International, have
resigned from the board. TFX Equities, Sermatech and Rusch
are Teleflex subsidiaries. The board's size has been reduced
to nine from 12 members and the company does not plan to fill
the vacancies.
   The company said the board will now be made up principally
of outside members, with at least one but no more than two
members who are also employees of the company or a
subsidiary. Also, a director will be expected to resign upon
reaching age 70, but no director will be permitted to serve
beyond his 73rd birthday. Teleflex also said that if an
outside director has a "meaningful change in executive
responsibilities," he must resign.
   In a statement, Lennox K. Black, chairman and chief
executive officer, said the board decided the company's
operations "ought to be overseen by an independent group of
professional directors" as it grows in size and its
operations become more international.
   Teleflex is an aerospace, medical and commercial products
manufacturer, with sales of $483 million last year.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   SIGISMUNDUS W.W. LUBSEN, a new director at Teleflex Inc.,
is president of Quaker Chemical Corp. The latter company was
incorrectly identified in yesterday's edition.
   (WSJ March 16, 1992)