Citadel Holding Says
   Net Rose in Quarter,
   But Tumbled in Year
Citadel, parent of Fidelity Federal Bank, said it earned
$12.3 million, or $3.73 a share, in the fourth quarter,
compared with year-earlier net income of $4.4 million, or
$1.32 a share. The results for the latest period include a
one-time gain of $9.7 million on real estate loans, as well
as higher interest income.
   For all of 1991, however, Citadel said net income skidded
to $2.7 million, or 81 cents a share, from $23.3 million, or
$7.07 a share, in 1990.
   Citadel blamed the lower 1991 earnings on increased loan
losses, as well as higher operating expenses. It said its
provision for estimated loan and real estate losses was $58.4
million at Dec. 31, up from $12.6 million at the end of 1990.
The company said given its "concern about a real estate
depression in California," it may have to increase those
reserves in the future.
   Operating expenses for the year rose by $12 million, or
18% above the year earlier, the company said. Higher
personnel costs and insurance premiums contributed to the
increase. On the positive side, Citadel said net interest
income rose $27.5 million, or 24%, for the year.
   As of Dec. 31, Citadel said the capital ratios at Fidelity
Federal Bank were in excess of the current regulatory levels.
However, the company said the Office of Thrift Supervision is
considering further regulations on core capital that will
likely increase Fidelity's capital ratio requirement. Citadel
said it is considering issuing between $20 million and $25
million in securities in order to raise additional capital.
   The company also said that Jerome Forman, president of
Pacific Theaters Corp., resigned from the boards of Citadel
and Fidelity, citing other time demands. Melvin Goldsmith, a
consultant and real estate investor, will succeed Mr. Forman.