World Markets:
   India, After Moves to Open Economy Win Favor,
   Now Hopes to Cool Speculative Frenzy in Stocks
   ----
   By Suman Dubey
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
India's stock market has been swept up in a speculative
frenzy inspired by Finance Minister Manmohan Singh's Feb. 29
unveiling of a reform-heavy budget for the coming fiscal year
that could open the equity market to certain foreign
investors, such as pension funds. His program for the
continuing economic liberalization has sparked a stock rally
that makes many officials and some market players fearful of
a great drop ahead. But many aren't convinced that disaster
looms.
   The enthusiasm bubbled when the new government of P.V.
Narsimha Rao took over last June and unveiled its first
economic reforms in July. India was on the verge of
bankruptcy, and the new finance minister, Mr. Singh, devalued
the rupee, removed export subsidies, eliminated restrictions
on large company investments, removed most industrial
licensing and opened broad sectors of the economy to majority
foreign investment. The subsequent investment-stimulating
budget added to enthusiasm for the stock market.
   The moves are reflected in the Sensitive Index of the
Bombay exchange, which handles 70% of trading in the Indian
market. Starting from a base of 100 in the year ended March
31, 1979, the index took 12 years to surpass 1000. It reached
2830.90 on the budget announcement and advanced quickly
through 3000. The index climbed to 3472.80 on March 3, when
trading was halted, partly in hopes of cooling the overheated
market. India's major stock exchanges -- in Bombay, Delhi,
Calcutta and Ahmedabad -- took measures to break the fever,
including delivery-basis trading with payments due in 48
hours.
   The result was mixed. The index jumped to 3547.60 in a
week. Later, after the remarks by Mr. Venkitaramanan, the
central bank chief, and several share sales by large
state-owned institutions, the market cooled. The index
finished Friday at 3243.53, though that was up 115.52 points,
or 3.7%, on rumors that trading curbs might be relaxed.
Widespread demand blunted institutional selling, which had
begun to decline after two weeks.
   "Our idea is to let speculative pressures cool and bring
prices down to more realistic levels," said M.R. Mayya,
executive director of the Bombay exchange, calling a level of
2750 more appropriate for now. "A correction of the kind
we're talking about would cleanse the market," he said.
   Recalling the crash that rocked the market from Oct. 9,
1990, to Jan. 25, 1991, when the Sensitive Index plunged to
956 from 1603 and wiped $15.5 billion from the market, Mr.
Mayya cited a duty to warn investors now of the dangers of an
overheated market and to deter speculators.
   State-owned term lending institutions, insurance companies
and mutual funds own 35% of all publicly traded stocks in
India, and these institutions would be among the worst-hurt
in a crash, which the Reserve Bank governor worries could
drive some investors away forever. He also worries that, with
Finance Minister Singh's budget promising to open Indian
equities to foreigners, the market's recent rise to dizzying
heights and its possible volatility could scare away the big
foreign institutions the government hopes to attract.
   "Foreign investors normally shun a market in which
price-earnings ratios are very high," Mr. Venkitaramanan
said. "With interest rates as high as 18% to 20%, to have a
price-earnings ratio of 40 or so is absurd." The market's P-E
ratio, or price of a company's stock divided by its per-share
earnings for a 12-month period, at one point this month
reached 45.1, or three times what it was at the end of the
1990-91 crash. Of the 800 actively traded stocks, 9% had a
recent P-E ratio of more than 75.
   Mr. Mayya said that the market simply has risen too fast
on post-budget euphoria. He said stocks' current levels would
be more appropriate after two or three years, when the budget
stimulus results in new investments and higher corporate
profits.
   Among the measures that investors like is the removal of
shares from a wealth tax. New Delhi also recently permitted
creation of private mutual funds, opening up a market
dominated by eight public-sector funds, and more than 70
applications for licenses have been submitted. This is
expected to stimulate the market further. And last month,
more than $1 billion of stock from public enterprises was
sold to the state-owned mutual funds, which are moving to
comply with listing requirements before selling some of those
shares to the public. At least as much is to be sold again in
the coming fiscal year.
   Mr. Singh also announced the abolition of the office of
Controller of Capital Issues, a move that will give companies
greater freedom to go to market to raise funds in the manner
and at the price they want.
   ---
   World Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   London share prices ended weaker Friday in quiet trading
as the market paused ahead of weekend opinion polls on
Britain's coming election.
   Tokyo's market was closed Friday for a national holiday
observing the start of spring. On Monday, the Nikkei
225-stock index index rose 164.84 points from Thursday's
close to end the morning session at 20349.93.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index was off 11.0 points at 2456.6. The FT 30-stock index
declined 6.6 points to 1916.5. Volume was 585.5 million
shares, compared with 485.5 million in the previous session.
   Market movements continued to be dominated by election
developments rather than economic news. Moreover, any hopes
of a British interest-rate cut before the April 9 election
evaporated Friday with the lack of a move by the Bank of
England, disappointing investors. The close of the two-week
trading account also undercut any fresh participation, as did
disappointing British inflation figures that pushed futures
prices down, which pressured the stock market.
   In Frankfurt, shares advanced, partly from new investor
positions ahead of options and futures contracts' expiration.
The DAX 30-stock index rose 11.67 points to 1736.30.
   Elsewhere, Taipei shares snapped a four-session losing
streak, rebounding narrowly in a technical correction.
    Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                Mar 18     Mar 17     Year
                                                                                                       


 Britain ....................    734.3     733.7     - 0.4
 Canada .....................    391.4     388.8     - 1.1
 Japan ......................    834.9     808.8     -15.6
 France .....................    545.1     546.2     + 8.9
 Germany ....................    266.1     267.7     + 9.4
 Hong Kong ..................   3642.1    3684.6     +17.6
 Switzerland ................    224.9     223.4     + 9.7
 Australia ..................    336.2     334.9     - 4.3
 World index ................    493.9     491.8     - 7.7