Politics  Policy:
   Wilder Quits
   Race, Citing
   Virginia's Woes
   ----
   By Jeffrey H. Birnbaum
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Wilder's bid for the Democratic presidential
nomination never got off the ground. His organization was
chaotic, his fund raising was lackluster, and he wasn't a
factor in New Hampshire, where the nation's first primary
will be held Feb. 18. Still, as the only black in the
contest, he stood to attract the votes of many minority-group
members.
   Fellow Southerner Bill Clinton was seen as the most
immediate beneficiary of the withdrawal. The Arkansas
governor was Mr. Wilder's main competitor for black votes in
Southern and border states. What's more, Gov. Clinton was
already making inroads in Maryland, one of the few post-New
Hampshire primary states in which Mr. Wilder was thought to
have a fighting chance.
   Gov. Wilder is a grandson of slaves and the first black
person ever elected to statewide office in the capital of the
Old Confederacy. He was elected lieutenant governor of
Virginia in 1985, and in 1989 he became the first elected
black governor in the nation.
   He campaigned for president as a fiscal conservative and
hoped that his record in Virginia would show him to be a
capable and prudent manager. But like many other states,
Virginia has suffered financial setbacks lately, and the
governor is facing criticism at home for not paying enough
attention to those difficulties.
   His departure leaves five major Democratic contenders in
the race.