Ahold Posts 13% Rise in '91 Profits,
   Seeks Further Expansion in the U.S.
   ----
   By Alex Keto
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Ahold posted net income of 275.8 million guilders ($146.8
million), or 5.56 guilders a share, compared with 243.3
million guilders, or 4.95 guilders a share, a year earlier.
Per-share earnings rose 12%; the number of Ahold shares
outstanding increased slightly in 1991.
   Sales rose 19% to 20.8 billion guilders from 17.5 billion
guilders.
   "Because of the economic situation in 1991, especially in
our U.S. operating areas, we would like to qualify these
results as very satisfying," said Pierre Everaert, president.
"Our store formulas proved to be recession-proof."
   Mr. Everaert said the company expects further gains in
sales and earnings in 1992, but he wasn't more specific. The
forecast helped push up Ahold shares by 1.50 guilders to 87
guilders Friday on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange.
   "The earnings were about what we expected, but the
forecast was quite optimistic, which is why we see the stock
going higher," said Ruud Broeder, chief broker at Amsterdam's
Banque Suez Kooiman.
   Ahold also boosted its 1991 dividend to 1.05 guilders and
40 U.S. cents a share, up from the 1990 level of 1.04
guilders and 32 U.S. cents.
   Most of Ahold's growth in 1991 came from its four U.S.
supermarket chains, while its Dutch operations were hampered
by "considerable wage increases that could not fully be
passed on to the consumer," Mr. Everaert said.
   Gross operating profit in the U.S. surged to $145.3
million from $94.1 million.
   Although Dutch 1991 sales rose a respectable 8%, to 10.3
billion guilders from 9.5 billion guilders, Ahold's U.S.
chains saw sales surge 27% to $5.6 billion from $4.4 billion.
The sharp rise in U.S. sales was due in part to Ahold's
acquisition of Tops Markets in March 1991.
   Ahold's sales growth in the U.S. came despite increasing
competition from cash-and-carry wholesale clubs and deep
discounters, Mr. Everaert said.
   Given the rate of growth Ahold is experiencing in the U.S.
compared with its Dutch operations, Mr. Everaert said further
expansion would be concentrated in the U.S. market.
   "The main reason we are looking in the States is that in
Europe, there are some very good companies, but they are not
for sale. Or they are too expensive," he said. However, in
the U.S. there are a number of companies that need an equity
partner to shore up their financial situation following
leveraged buy-outs in the 1980s.
   "There are 35,000 {grocery} stores in the U.S., so the sky
is the limit," Mr. Everaert said. Although Ahold hasn't yet
progressed to the negotiating table with any U.S. companies,
Mr. Everaert said it has made informal contacts with "15 or
16 companies."
   Mr. Everaert said he is concentrating his search for a
partner in a geographical triangle formed by Cleveland,
Boston and Atlanta. Any addition in this area would serve to
reinforce Ahold's existing chains: Bi-Lo in the South, Giant
Food Stores in the mid-Atlantic States, First National
Supermarkets in the Northeast and Ohio, and Tops in New York
state.
   In Ahold's Dutch operations, gross operating profit edged
up slightly to 192.6 million guilders from 191.4 million
guilders, as costs increased faster than turnover. Mr.
Everaert said the rapid rise of costs in Ahold's Dutch
operations are limiting the company's prospects in its home
market.
   "We are concerned with further increasing health-care
costs, absenteeism and collective wage negotiations in the
Netherlands," he said.