World Markets:
   Japan's Finance Ministry to Study Ways to Spur
   Stocks, but Market Shows Skepticism About Impact
   ----
   By Masayoshi Kanabayashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The move followed a call Friday by Mr. Watanuki for the
party to compile a package of measures as soon as possible to
revitalize the stock market. He said that if the current
bearish situation continued, it would hurt the economy. Mr.
Watanuki also stopped short of specifying possible steps, but
analysts agreed that his remarks lessened investor concern
about the possibility of a plunge below the 20000 level on
the Nikkei 225-stock index.
   The report about Mr. Hata's agreement to study measures
surfaced during early afternoon trading Monday, pushing the
Nikkei up more than 300 points. The average then retreated
from the day's highs to end at 22139.59, up 116.54 points
from Friday's close. The Nikkei on Friday jumped 465.38
points.
   On Tuesday, the Nikkei index fell 181.48 points to close
the morning session at 21958.11.
   With Monday's performance, Tokyo stocks for the first time
this year have posted gains in three consecutive sessions.
Trading was thin, with first section volume estimated at 200
million shares, compared with 341.1 million in the previous
session. Gaining issues outnumbered declining issues 604-356,
and 158 were unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all
first section issues, which rose 32.59 points Friday, added
1.68 to 1632.62.
   Some analysts suggested that investors, while encouraged
by recent reports of official concern about the sluggish
market, were restrained because of skepticism about how much
the Finance Ministry actually can do to help the market.
Japanese news reports have suggested that among measures that
could give shares a boost are an increase in companies'
dividends and a possible cut in the capital gains tax.
   Kathy Matsui, investment strategist at Barclays de Zoete
Wedd Securities (Japan), noted, however, that "there is
nothing the government can do in terms of forcing companies
to raise their dividends." Because corporate profits are
declining, she said, many companies wouldn't be willing to
pay out more in dividends. Ms. Matsui also said any possible
tax revisions would be "difficult" to enact now because of
fiscal constraints on the government.
   Nonetheless, she said, the report of Mr. Hata's agreement
to look into potential measures "is better news than
nothing," adding, "While nothing may take effect now . . .
the fact that officials are publicly expressing concern about
stock price levels would be good news in general."
   In London, shares prices fell Monday. The Financial
Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index lost 11.0 points to
2560.2. The FT 30-stock index dropped 12.4 points to 1984.2.
Volume was 414.8 million shares, compared with 668.5 million
in the previous session.
   Most investors were sidelined because of a lack of
clear-cut direction for the London market, with little fresh
fundamental or economic news to steer the session. Stocks
were initially sold in the wake of Friday's fall on Wall
Street, but shares in the 100-stock index traded in a narrow
range. Prices later sank to the day's lows after a weak
opening for stocks in New York, then rose in tandem with the
U.S. trend.
   Frankfurt stock prices were mixed. The DAX 30-stock index
edged up 1.52 points to 1689.01. Trading began with some
strength on the gain by Tokyo equities and on news that
negotiators for German steelworkers and employers compromised
on a wage agreement, averting a steel strike. But early
firmness fizzled when the DAX failed again to break through
the 1700 level, and some selling took prices down from their
highs.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Paris share prices finished mostly
lower, pushed down by higher short-term interest rates and
mounting sentiment that the market had to catch its breath
after its bull run in January; enthusiasm also was damped by
the political storm in France about a Palestinian leader's
visit to the country for medical treatment and by the German
steel sector's wage compromise that will avert a strike --
which means international investors in France could turn to
the Frankfurt stock market instead. In Milan, stocks rose,
though investors were cautious because of confusion about the
interpretation of a new law on public tender offers.
   Among the big bourses in Asia and the Pacific, Sydney
shares eased, despite better-than-expected Australian trade
and housing data. But Hong Kong stocks surged in the
half-day, pre-Lunar New Year session, buoyed by increasing
optimism about corporate earnings; the rally is a traditional
response to the end of the Chinese year, when individuals
seek to pay debts and position themselves financially for the
year ahead. In Manila, equities' climb came on strength in
oil issues.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % 1991
                                     Jan 31  Jan 30   Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ..........................   382.8   385.4   + 24.7
   Britain .......................   760.4   754.0   + 19.0
   Canada ........................   406.5   408.3   + 10.8
   Japan .........................   945.9   925.3   -  4.9
   France ........................   529.3   529.4   + 24.8
   Germany .......................   259.5   258.2   + 15.1
   Hong Kong .....................  3362.1  3344.7   + 54.8
   Switzerland ...................   217.1   216.1   + 28.6
   Australia .....................   344.8   342.2   + 28.8
   World index ...................   524.4   522.9   + 13.6
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

   ISSUE (COUNTRY)                        CLOSE     % CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Berisford Int'l (Britain)                0.240     +45.5
 Ferranti Int'l (Britain)                 0.065     +30.0
 Tampella Free (Finland)                 14.0       +25.0
 Universale-Bau (Austria)              1230.0       +20.6
 Fay Richwhite  Co. (N. Zealand)         1.060     +20.5

 Movenpick Namen (Swiss)                830.0       +18.6
 Tsugami (Japan)                        664.0       +18.6
 Inter-City Products ICP (Canada)         8.0       +18.5
 Fisons (Britain)                         3.940     +17.8
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Mountleigh Group (Britain)               0.063     -40.5
 Ames Department Stores (U.S.)            0.50      -20.0
 Jones (David) (Australia)                0.280     -17.6
 Australian Cons'd Inv. (Australia)       0.190     -17.4
 NL Industries (U.S.)                     9.625     -16.3
 Grupo Anaya (Spain)                   1010.0       -14.4
 Nagasakiya (Japan)                    1360.0       -13.9
 Compaq Computer (U.S.)                  29.875     -13.7
 Taylor Woodrow (Britain)                 1.143     -13.4
 Bet (Britain)                            1.50      -12.3
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective