International:
   Japan's Ruling Party Offers a Package
   Of Steps to Revive Tokyo Stock Market
   ----
   By Masayoshi Kanabayashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Many analysts said the package will have little immediate
effect on the Tokyo market. The Nikkei 225-stock index, which
plunged 507.16 points Friday on nervousness over a brewing
political scandal, rose 441.12, or 2.1%, to 21324.98 Monday.
   Yoshirou Mori, chairman of the LDP's Policy Affairs
Council, submitted the proposals Friday to Koichi Kato, chief
cabinet secretary. Faced with some skepticism over the
package's potential effectiveness, Mr. Mori suggested that
the party expects it to have a beneficial psychological
impact. He said it is important for the private sector to
realize that the LDP shares its concern about Japan's slowing
economic growth and bearish stock market.
   Mr. Mori added the LDP won't make a direct call for the
Bank of Japan to lower its official discount rate, the rate
it charges on loans to banks, because that is a decision that
the central bank must make alone.
   The LDP task force, headed by Shizuka Kamei, vice chairman
of the Policy Affairs Council, began working on the proposals
earlier this month, following a call for such a study by
Tamisukei Watanuki, the LDP's secretary-general. Mr. Watanuki
warned that if the stock market remains bearish, it will hurt
the overall economy as well.
   The LDP also declared in a statement Friday that it will
do its best to pass as soon as possible a budget bill for the
fiscal year beginning April 1, and will study ways to speed
disbursement of publicworks funding.
   The task force also called for the private sector to
cooperate with the proposals. Specifically, it urged private
financial institutions to further lower their lending rates
in keeping with the central bank's discount-rate cut to 4.5%
in December.