Notable  Quotable
The core argument against the implants isn't that they're
unsafe. It's that they are unnecessary. "Plain and simple,
there is no public health need for these extremely unsafe
devices to remain on the market. They are cosmetic devices
for which far better alternatives exist," {Sidney} Wolfe {the
director of Public Citizen's Health Research Group} said in a
press release.
   Consider the implications of that argument: Any
"unnecessary" device that poses risks should be banned as
long as "better" (that is, safer) alternatives exist. And
political appointees will decree what's necessary and what's
better, with help from puritanical pressure groups.
   For women, the stakes are very high. Let's not even talk
about abortion, where there is at least an arguable third
party involved. Nobody "needs" the Pill. It presents health
risks (although it may also have health benefits). Indeed,
the Boston Women's Health Book Collective, a major opponent
of breast implants, ranks the Pill below various forms of the
rhythm method and below abstinence on its list of birth
control methods. Applying Wolfe's criteria, the FDA would ban
the Pill on the grounds that we can just use diaphragms and
condoms.
   On the same grounds, the FDA could ban tampons, which,
like silicone breast implants, are medical devices that were
already in use when Congress expanded the FDA's regulatory
authority to encompass devices. Like implants, tampons are
grandfathered at the FDA's discretion. They, too, are
"unnecessary" -- safer alternatives exist -- and, unlike
breast implants, they have been definitively linked with
fatalities, caused by Toxic Shock Syndrome. What's more,
tampons are currently under attack by some environmentalists
and ecofeminists. Wolfe's "vital needs" approach has no
logical stopping place, short of a Third World lifestyle.