Quebecor Earnings
   Fell 89% in Quarter,
   Revenue Declined 9%
In late trading on the American Stock Exchange Quebecor
Class A shares were quoted at $11.50, down 37.5 cents.
   Revenue fell 9% in the latest quarter to C$632.1 million
from C$696.1 million a year earlier. The decline was mainly
due to a revenue drop at Quebecor's Mircor Inc. subsidiary, a
holding company that owns a majority stake in Quebec City
forest-products concern Donohue Inc. Almost all Canadian
forest-product concerns have or are expected to report big
losses for the fourth quarter and 1991.
   Quebecor said that its Quebecor Group Inc. publishing unit
and Quebecor Printing Inc. unit together contributed C$12.6
million, or 26 Canadian cents a share, to Quebecor's net
income in the fourth quarter. However, Mircor erased most of
that with a loss that subtracted C$11.3 million, or 23
Canadian cents a share, from Quebecor's net. In the 1990
fourth quarter, the publishing and printing units contributed
C$10.3 million, or 22 Canadian cents a share, and Mircor
contributed C$1.4 million, or three Canadian cents, to
Quebecor's net income.
   For the full year, Quebecor reported net income of C$18.5
million, or 39 Canadian cents a share, compared with C$77.9
million, or C$1.65 a share in 1990. The 1990 results included
a one-time gain of C$42.1 million, or 89 Canadian cents a
share. Revenue fell 2.5% to C$2.37 billion from C$2.43
billion.