What's News --
   Business and Finance
The FDIC delayed until at least today a decision on
whether to accept a $1.3 billion settlement of suits filed by
the agency and others against Milken and other former Drexel
employees. The SEC and the thrift-bailout agency have already
given their approval.
   ---
   BankAmerica won the conditional approval of the U.S.
Justice Department and Washington state's attorney general
for a proposed merger with Security Pacific, after agreeing
to sell $8.8 billion of deposits, $2.7 billion in loans and
211 branches.
   ---
   The economy expanded at a weak 0.8% rate in the fourth
quarter, slightly better than the 0.3% rate first estimated
by the government.
   ---
   National Medical Enterprises expects its psychiatric
division to post a quarterly loss amid a sharp drop in the
wake of several government probes of the unit. National
Medical also said it won't meet its earnings estimates for
fiscal 1992. Its stock price fell $1.25 to $14.625.
   ---
   York International plans to sell $600 million in stock to
the public less than six months after the first
public-offering by the maker of air conditioners and heating
equipment. Much of the money would go to shareholders
Citicorp and Prudential, which financed York's buy-out in
1988.
   ---
   Bond prices rallied amid speculation that the economy will
stay sluggish, holding down inflation. Treasury bonds climbed
about 5/8 point. Stocks edged lower. The dollar rose.
   ---
   The FCC's chief urged Congress to lift restrictions that
keep the phone and cable TV industries seperate. He endorsed
giving phone companies the right to carry their own video
programming and giving cable systems the right to handle
phone traffic.
   ---
   Merrill Lynch is being investigated by federal officials
for allegedly improper trading of junk bonds. Merrill's
junk-bond chief is leaving the firm after an internal probe.
   ---
   General Motors agreed to invest $75 million in a venture
to build up to 35,000 Opel cars a year in Poland. GM
described the move as the first part of a plan to invest
heavily in Poland.
   ---
   Intel Sued Chips  Technologies over alleged infringements
of patents for Intel's 386 and 387 microchips. Chips 
Technologies said it was surprised by the suit because the
companies were working on a settlement.
   ---
   Canada's economy shrank 0.2% in the fourth quarter because
of drops in exports and consumer spending. The setback came
six months after the nation ended a yearlong recession.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 202,130,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3267.67, off 1.78; transportation 1428.25, off 3.92;
utilities 205.62, off 0.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4238.14, up 23.60.
   Commodities: Oil $18.68 a barrel, off seven cents. Dow
Jones futures index 122.71, up 0.37; spot index 118.45, off
0.56.
   Dollar: 129.50 yen, up 0.45; 1.6390 marks, up 0.0050.