Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Rise 38.69 to a Record,
   Reflecting Bond Rally, Car Sales
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Market watchers had settled in for a quiet session similar
to Monday's mild ride when comments by Federal Reserve
Chairman Alan Greenspan woke up bond buyers. Prices for
Treasury issues began climbing after Mr. Greenspan told the
House Budget Committee that the central bank is "continuing
to evaluate" whether further monetary easing is needed to get
the economy growing.
   Comments by the central bank chief last week appeared to
leave less hope for a Fed move, and prompted a slump in bonds
and some selling in stocks.
   Stocks responded reluctantly at first to the surge in bond
prices, but finally rallied sharply at the end of the day.
   "If we are going to get a rally in bonds, that should take
away the threat of an interest rate-induced correction in
stock prices," said James R. Solloway, director of research
at Argus Research.
   The buying reached into all sectors of the market, lifting
the Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index 4.32 to 413.85, and
sending the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index up 2.18
to 228.79. The Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.02 to
390.46.
   Autos were among the market's best performing groups. The
stocks, which trailed far behind the rest of the market in
the rally from mid-December, built on Monday's strong gains.
The car makers reported better-than-expected sales for late
January. General Motors rose 1 to 35, Chrysler gained 1 3/8
to 16 3/8, and Ford added 5/8 to 33 3/8.
   Big Board advancers led decliners, 1,116 to 620. Volume
rose to 231,490,000 shares, up from Monday's 182,130,000
shares.
   Robert Walberg, equity analyst at MMS International, said
the markets may have gotten carried away on Mr. Greenspan's
comments.
   Uncertainty about the final shape of the fiscal stimulus
package proposed by President Bush should keep the Fed's
hands tied for now, said Mr. Walberg. He argued that until
the Fed can gauge the inflationary effect of the government
plan, it will be reluctant to cut interest rates further.
Lower rates on top of tax cuts could speed up inflation.
   In fact, the record by the Dow Jones Industrial Average
masks a more lethargic performance by the rest of the market.
The SP 500 is still below the level at which it entered this
year, the Dow Jones Utility Average remains moribund, and the
Dow Jones Transportation Average is off sharply from its
mid-January peak.
   Dick Evans, a Flossmoor, Ill., investment adviser, said
the divergence between the transportation average and the
industrials is particularly unsettling.
   "When you've had a good advance and then get divergence,
that usually leads to a pretty sharp correction," said Mr.
Evans.
   He already sees a 200-point drop in store for the Dow
Jones industrials. The wider the divergence becomes between
the industrials and the transports, the harder the
industrials will eventually fall, he predicted.
   Merck was the leader among those stocks boosting the
industrial average. The drug company jumped 4 1/2 to 158 7/8
after a Food and Drug Administration advisory panel voted to
recommend approval of Merck's Proscar drug for treatment of
prostate enlargement.
   Goodyear Tire  Rubber rose 2 3/4 to 64 3/4, rising along
with the auto stocks. Du Pont gained 2 to 48.
   Dow Jones jumped 3/4 to 31 on volume of 2.62 million
shares, compared with a daily average of 119,634. Edward
Gaylord, owner of Oklahoma Publishing, said his company sold
two million shares -- 2% of the stock outstanding -- to
"raise cash and diversify" its portfolio. Oklahoma Publishing
continues to own 2.5 million shares of Dow Jones, which
publishes The Wall Street Journal. A group of institutional
investors bought the shares in a trade handled by First
Boston. Also, Salomon Brothers analyst Ed Atorino raised his
estimate of the company's 1992 earnings to $1.45 a share from
$1.35, in anticipation of increasing financial advertising.
   Home Shopping Network gained 1 to 6 3/8 on heavy volume.
Traders attributed the gains in part to comments made by
financial columnist Dan Dorfman, who spoke about the stock on
CNBC/FNN. Mr. Dorfman suggested Fidelity Investments was
buying the stock.
   Computer chip stocks rallied, including Advanced Micro
Devices, which gained 1 1/8 to 20 5/8, and Motorola, which
rose 1 1/4 to 77 1/4. National Semiconductor rallied 3/4 to 8
1/2. The company is working with International Business
Machines to speed up the acceptance of local area networks.
   Upjohn slid 1/2 to 42. The Wall Street Journal reported
that a group of shareholders are suing the company, charging
that executives fraudulently concealed information about
Halcion, a sleeping drug.
   Beckman Instruments gained 1 1/2 to 21 1/4. A group that
includes two of the Bass brothers said it holds a 5.3% stake
in Beckman and is talking with the company about ways to
"maximize shareholder value."
   Ionics Inc. gained 2 3/8 to 51 3/4. The company's
secondary offering of one million common shares was priced
late Monday at $49.375 each.
   Kemper Corp., which reported fourthquarter profit of 91
cents a share, fell 4 to 36 3/4. The insurer and financial
services concern earned 98 cents in the year-ago period.
   Bank stocks performed well. Prudential Securities bank
analyst George Salem said he is more bullish on the group
than he has been for three years. BankAmerica rose 2 1/8 to
40 3/4, Chase Manhattan added 7/8 to 21 1/2, and J.P. Morgan
gained 1 3/8 to 62 1/8.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 2.36
to 413.68. Volume was 20,050,000 shares, up from Monday's
18,765,000 shares. There were 350 advancers and 273
decliners.