Abreast of the Market:
   Industrial Average Edges Up 0.45
   In Year-to-Date's Slowest Trading
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In January and February, trading averaged a brisk 233.17
million shares. Since March 5, Big Board volume has
consistently been below 200 million shares.
   Yesterday's light volume can be an encouraging sign, said
Dale Tills, head of institutional trading at Charles Schwab.
"People shouldn't be worried about declines on this volume,"
he said. "We've been stuck in a trading range and there's
been no news to move stocks; people are just waiting for
corporate earnings to come out in the next couple of weeks."
   Justin Mamus, a New York technical analyst for Gordon
Capital of Toronto, suggested that light volume characterizes
a market in which investors are comfortable with their
long-term bets and aren't compelled to trade each day.
   Those who did trade yesterday left the market without any
theme to follow. Some traders said investors were hesitant to
make any bets yesterday because of concerns that losses on
the Tokyo Stock Exchange could hurt U.S. stocks if nervous
Japanese investors cash in their holdings here. Market
activity may also have been damped ahead of today's
disclosure of data on industrial production, capacity
utilization, inflation and housing starts.
   Economy-sensitive cyclical stocks failed to follow any
trend. Among the day's gainers: Aluminum Co. of America rose
2 1/8 to 71 1/4; Ford added 1 1/4 to 37 7/8; and Bethlehem
Steel jumped 3/8 to 14 1/8. Losers included home builder
Clayton Homes, down 1/8 to 25 1/8, and heavy machinery
builder Deere, down 3/8 to 51 5/8.
   Pfizer fell 7/8 to 70 1/2. A report in Advertising Age
said the company is in talks to sell its Coty cosmetics and
fragrance division to Benckiser Consumer Products, a unit of
Benckiser G.m.b.H of Germany. Pfizer and Benckiser wouldn't
comment on the report, which quoted an executive familiar
with the talks as saying the companies are negotiating a
price of about $475 million.
   Eastman Kodak fell 1 7/8 to 40 3/4 on volume of 2.54
million shares, compared with a daily average of 1.05
million. Kay Whitmore, chairman and president of the
photography and technology company, warned holders that poor
economic conditions in the U.S. and in Europe will prevent an
earnings rebound in the first quarter. The company added that
for 1992 as a whole, Kodak looks forward to good gains in
earnings.
   Weyerhaeuser gained 2 3/8 to 36 1/8 after Smith Barney
analyst George B. Adler boosted his first-quarter earnings
estimates for the forest products and paper company to 40
cents from 27 cents a share. Mr. Adler said Weyerhaeuser's
restructuring effort is "coming to fruition." He also noted
the company's paper business is improving, in spite of a
slump in that sector.
   Home Depot added 2 1/4 to 64 7/8 after Alex. Brown  Sons
analyst Christopher Vroom raised his rating on the hardware
retailer to "strong buy" from "buy." Mr. Vroom cited his
"heightened confidence" the company will achieve
greater-than-expected comparable store sales growth in the
next 12 months.
   Nike slid 3 5/8 to 70 1/2, after jumping 2 3/4 Friday. The
athletic footwear company said that while it was comfortable
with some analysts' prediction of 1992 earnings of $4.25 to
$4.40 a share, others' expectations of $4.50 a share could be
"a little rich." The company reported earnings of $1.08 cents
a share for the third quarter, close to the target of $1.09
predicted by 10 brokers in a survey by First Call, a unit of
Thompson Financial Networks. Salomon Brothers and Shearson
Lehman maintained their "buy" recommendations.
   Nucor jumped 2 3/8 to 92 1/8. The steel company said it
would increase its quarterly dividend to 14 cents a share
from 13 cents. The dividend is to be paid May 12 to stock of
record March 31.
   Unisys jumped 1 to 10 1/8 after the computer company's
chairman and chief executive, James A. Unruh, said 1992 would
be a profitable though difficult year. He predicted a
"positive impact from volume shipments of new large scale
computers as the year progresses." He added that the company
is succeeding in cutting costs and recently told its lenders
that it didn't expect to seek additional financing from them
this year.
   Tenneco added 1/8 to 38 1/2. The oil and gas company named
Dana G. Mead as chief operating officer and a member of its
board, effective April 1. Tenneco added that Mr. Mead will
become president of the company May 1, when current President
and Chief Executive Michael Walsh becomes Tenneco's chairman.
Mr. Mead was an executive vice president and a director of
International Paper. International Paper ended unchanged at
74 3/8.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 1.07
to 402.99. Volume was 15,591,000 shares, down from Friday's
19,250,000. There were 255 advancers and 342 decliners.