Hasbro's Net Jumped
   61% in Fourth Period
   As Revenue Rose 54%
Fourth-quarter revenue of $761.2 million, up from $492.8
million in the 1990 fourth quarter, included $202 million
from Tonka; excluding Tonka, revenue still grew a healthy
13%.
   "Hasbro finished up for the year in strong fashion, and
its results are right in line with expectations," said
analyst Gary M. Jacobson of Kidder, Peabody  Co. He pointed
out that the company's earnings were depressed in the 1990
fourth quarter because of write-offs from several toy
retailers -- including Child World Inc. -- that were having
difficulties.
   "The integration of {Tonka} operations is now
substantially complete, and we expect they will be a positive
contributing factor to the combined operations in 1992," said
Alan G. Hassenfeld, chairman and chief executive officer.
   Hasbro was helped by the Christmas sales successes of
Go-Go My Walking Pup, Scrabble, Electronic Hotshot Basketball
and the revitalized G.I. Joe line.
   Net for the year was $81.7 million, or $1.41 a share, on
revenue of $2.14 billion after a pretax restructuring charge
of $59 million recorded in the second quarter for the Tonka
purchase. In 1990, the company had net of $89.2 million, or
$1.54 a share, on revenue of $1.52 billion.
   The company's growth is increasingly coming from its
international business, which now accounts for about 40% of
revenue. While domestic revenue rose about 40% in the fourth
quarter from a year earlier, international revenue was about
70% higher, said John O'Neill, Hasbro's chief financial
officer.