Large Charge
   Set by United
   Technologies
   ---
   Revamping Includes Layoffs
   Of 13,900; 4th-Quarter
   Deficit Is $1.22 Billion
   ----
   By Amal Kumar Naj
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The fourth-quarter loss resulted in a loss for the year of
$1.02 billion, the company reported.
   Wall Street analysts, some of whom were surprised by the
extent of the charge, were pleased by the proposed extensive
overhaul. "If they can pull it off it will be a home run for
them," said Howard Rubel, an analyst at C.J. Lawrence, Morgan
Grenfell Inc.
   In trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday,
United Technologies shares fell $1.25 to $54.
   But Moody's Investors Service wasn't all that optimistic.
It lowered its rating on the company's $2.8 billion of
long-term debt to A-1 from double-A-3 for senior debt and to
A-2 from A-1 for subordinated debt. Tassos Philippakos, an
analyst at the rating agency, said the action reflects low
demand in the markets served by United Technologies and "the
expected difficulties of achieving a lower cost base through
the company's restructuring action."
   The Hartford, Conn., company makes products for defense
and aerospace, industrial and automotive markets.
   Robert F. Daniell, chairman of United Technologies,
described the restructuring plan at a presentation to
analysts and the press as the start of "a transformation more
profound" than any single event in the company's history.
   Mr. Daniell said the elimination of 7% of the company's
jobs world-wide will save $440 million annually. He said the
closing and consolidation of various operations will trim the
company's world-wide manufacturing capacity by 7.9 million
square feet, or 16%, generating $260 million in savings
annually. Improvement in product design, engineering and
manufacturing processes, he said, will bring an additional
$380 million in savings annually.
   Mr. Daniell said these actions are aimed at achieving an
18% return on shareholders' equity by 1994, assuming a
gradually improving economy.
   Although United Technologies posted a loss for 1991, he
said the company will be in the black next year and confirmed
analysts' earnings estimates that range between $4 and $5 a
share for 1992.
   The restructuring will have its biggest impact on the
company's Pratt  Whitney unit. The jet engine maker
represented 34% of United Technologies' total 1991 revenue of
$21.26 billion. United Technologies executives said that
Pratt  Whitney will eliminate about 5,000 jobs. It will also
sharply reduce manufacturing capacity and cut its current 500
suppliers to 250. Other aerospace and defense units will
account for 2,000 jobs eliminations.
   In the fourth quarter of 1991, United Technologies had
revenue of $5.8 billion, compared with $5.95 billion a year
earlier. In the 1990 fourth quarter the company earned $168.8
million, or $1.32 a share on a primary basis, and $1.24 fully
diluted.
   For all of 1990, the company had net income of $750.6
million, or $5.91 a primary share and $5.53 fully diluted.