LEISURE  ARTS:
   Time Off: Diversions and Excursions Feb. 4-17
More than 70 paintings by this turn-of-the-century
American artist, who studied under Ash Can School artist
Robert Henri. He is best known for his depictions of everyday
life in New York City, especially sporting events. Highlights
include "River Rats" (1906) and "Forty-Two Kids" (1907),
which show working-class boys bathing in the East River, and
"Stag at Sharkey's" (1909), his most famous paint ing, of a
boxing match held at a local saloon.
   Los Angeles County Museum of Art: 5905 Wilshire Boulevard.
Feb. 16-May 10. (213) 857-6000. The show then travels to the
Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, June 5-Aug. 30, and
other venues through May 1993.
                                                                                                       

                         New York
                     A Moment Before:
                 Jews in the Soviet Union
                                                                                                       

   Seventy-five photographs in black and white by Frederic
Brenner, a French Jew who visited the former Soviet Union in
1983 and then returned in 1989 and spent 14 months traveling
around the country. His goal was to "save from oblivion what
seemed to be the last remaining trace of the world that had
existed before the arrival of the Bolsheviks.
   "International Center of Photography: 1130 Fifth Ave. at
94th Street. Through April 19. (212) 860-1783.
                                                                                                       

                           DANCE
                                                                                                       

                     Fort Worth, Texas
                     Fort Worth Ballet
                                                                                                       

   The troupe offers a "Romantic Weekend" of repertory works:
Paul Mejia's "Brahms Waltzes," a piece that draws together 16
Brahms waltzes; his "Sylvia Variations," to a score by French
composer Leo Delibes; and Balanchine's "Apollo" (1928), set
to a commissioned score by Stravinsky.
   Tarrant County Convention Center Theatre: Feb. 7 and 8.
1-800-654-9545.

                           MUSIC
                                                                                                       

                          Houston
                    Houston Grand Opera
                                                                                                       

   The company presents the world premiere of Robert Moran's
"Desert of Roses" in conjuction with Andre Gretry's "Beauty
and the Beast," the story on which it is based. John Dew
directs both productions; Michael John LaChiusa has written
the libretto for "Roses" and created a new English version of
"Beauty." The "Roses" cast features Jayne West as Little One,
John Stephens as The Monster and Stella Zambalis as The
Woman. Feb. 14, 16, 19, 22, 25 and 29. "Beauty" stars Diana
Amos as Zemire opposite David Eisler as the beast, Azor. Feb.
20, 22, 23, 26, 29 and March 1. Daniel Beckwith conducts
both.
   Wortham Theater Center: (713) 546-0200.
                                                                                                       

                           Miami
                    Greater Miami Opera
                                                                                                       

   Justino Diaz and Carol Neblett are heard as Columbus and
Queen Isabella in a revival of Alberto Franchetti's
long-forgotten "Cristoforo Colombo" -- commissioned by the
city of Genoa a century ago to mark the 400th anniversary of
the explorer's voyage. Roberto Oswald of the Teatro Colon in
Buenos Aires designed the production; Willie Anthony Waters
conducts. Feb. 17, 19 and 22. The opera will be performed
with Norman Phillips and Alison England, Steven Crawford
conducting, on Feb. 18, 21 and 23.
   Dade County Auditorium: 2901 West Flagler St. (305)
854-1643.