Marketing  Media:
   Grey Is Leaving
   Post as Publisher
   Of Bantam Books
   ----
   By Meg Cox
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Bantam had 18 hardcover and 26 paperback bestsellers on
the New York Times list last year, a record for the
publisher. But the division is believed to be providing
profits below the expectations of Bantam Doubleday's parent,
privately held Bertelsmann AG. In recent years, considerable
restructuring has been done at the rest of Bertelsmann's U.S.
publishing operations, including its book club business and
Doubleday.
   Jack Hoeft, president of Bantam Doubleday, wouldn't
comment on restructuring plans except to say, "Anytime you
bring in someone new, you look at making changes." He added,
"Bantam publishes more than 90 hardcover titles a year, and I
think in the future, we should improve Bantam's ability to
focus on fewer titles and strengthen the effort on each major
author."
   As president and publisher of Linda Grey Books, Ms. Grey
is expected to publish about a dozen titles a year, including
fiction and nonfiction, and hardcover as well as paperback
books, Mr. Hoeft said. She is expected to continue working
with some of the authors she has signed over the years, but
Ms. Grey said it hasn't been decided whether her imprint will
publish Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf. Ms. Grey paid more than $5
million for the general's autobiography, which is due out
this fall. It will have to be an enormous best seller to make
money for Bantam.
   Ms. Grey is the second executive in recent years to leave
a powerful position at a major publishing house to start her
own imprint. In October 1990, Joni Evans left as president
and publisher of adult books at the Random House division of
Advance Publications Inc.'s Random House Inc. to start her
own imprint, Turtle Bay. As part of that deal, Random House
set Ms. Evans's operation up in a private townhouse.
   Will Ms. Grey get a townhouse of her own?
   "Alas, no," she says.