OTC Focus:
   Stocks Rally After a Morning Slump;
   Nasdaq Index Inches Up to New High
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Traders largely attributed the recovery to optimism about
low interest rates -- the same reason market watchers have
cited for rising stock prices since the Federal Reserve Board
slashed its benchmark discount rate by a full percentage
point, to 3.5%, on Dec. 19.
   The Nasdaq Composite has closed higher in each of the past
eight sessions. Over the period, the market indicator has
jumped nearly 52 points, or 9.7%.
   Some of the most prominent OTC issues recorded sizable
gains. Apple Computer jumped 3 1/8 to 59 1/2, Microsoft
climbed 2 3/4 to 114, Intel rose 1 1/4 to 50 1/4 and Borland
International gained 3 3/4 to 86.
   But declining issues still outpaced advancers, 1,160 to
1,070, at the close. National Market System volume totaled a
moderately active 156,750,000 shares, off from Tuesday's
220,960,000 shares.
   Big Board issues also bounced back from early losses to
end the day mixed. The Dow Jones Industrial Average added
3.58, or 0.11%, to a record 3172.41. But the New York Stock
Exchange Composite Index closed with a loss of 0.27, or
0.12%.
   Glenn Parker, managing director of OTC institutional
trading at Hambrecht & Quist, said orders at that firm were
biased three or four to one to the "buy" side. He said stocks
continue to attract investors because, with yields so low,
"to keep money in the bank doesn't make sense."
   Meanwhile, investors continued to ignore negative signals
on the economy. The National Association of Purchasing
Management reported that its purchasing managers' index fell
to a lower-than-expected 46.5% last month. A reading below 50
indicates that manufacturing activity is generally declining.
   On Tuesday, OTC stocks posted a 1.1% advance despite a
Commerce Department report that its index of leading economic
indicators fell 0.3% in November.
   "I don't think the market is ready to roll over and
correct yet," said Len Hefter, head of Jefferies & Co.'s OTC
desk in Dallas. "People are really looking six to nine months
down the road and they are saying earnings" and the economy
are going to improve.
   James Volk, director of OTC institutional trading at
Charles Schwab & Co., said he expects profit-taking to
continue to damp the Nasdaq market, but he isn't anticipating
a sharp correction. "I think you are going to see a period of
working off this overbought condition that we are in," he
said.
   Amgen, the market's biotechnology leader, was the most
active issue, losing 1 to 74 3/4 on 3.2 million shares. On
Tuesday, the stock leapt 6 3/8 ahead of its addition to
Standard & Poor's 500-stock index. Stocks often advance just
before they are added to the index. Amgen was included
beginning yesterday.
   Other medical technology issues were mixed. Centocor
jumped 2 1/2 to 56 and Immunex rose 3/4 to 60, while
Somatogen lost 1 to 42 and Chiron dropped 2 1/4 to 67 1/2.
   Smith Barney, Harris Upham analyst Denise Gilbert
downgraded her rating on Chiron's shares to "hold" from
"buy," Dow Jones Professional Investor Report said. The
analyst advised clients to "sit on the sidelines" while the
company adjusts following its recent acquisition of Cetus.
   Aiding Immunex was news that the Food and Drug
Administration licensed the company's Leukine colony
stimulating factor for use in treating cancer patients who
have had failed bone marrow transplants. The drug was already
cleared for use in speeding marrow engraftment.
   Oncogene Science stock gained 1 15/16 to 9 1/16. The
company and American Home Products agreed to jointly develop
biotechnology-based drugs to treat ailments including
diabetes, asthma, osteoporosis and immune system problems.
   Liposome gained 2 3/8 to 16 1/2. It received a patent
covering additional methods for encapsulating anti-cancer
drugs within liposomes -- structures made of fat compounds
designed to improve the delivery of drugs.
   Mylex lost 1/4 to 2 1/2 after estimating that it had a
loss in the fourth quarter on revenue of $8 million to $10
million. A year ago, it earned seven cents a share in the
quarter on revenue of $12.3 million. It blamed the loss, in
part, on lower sales and on higher expenses related to new
facilities.
   BeautiControl fell 5/8 to 13 3/4. It posted fourth-quarter
net of 14 cents a share, down from 23 cents a share last
year. Analysts surveyed by First Call, a unit of Thomson
Financial Networks, had expected net of about 20 cents a
share in the latest period.
   Knowledgeware rose 1 3/4 to 15 3/4 after Soundview
Financial analyst Charles Phillips narrowed his estimate of
the company's second-quarter loss to five cents a share from
a previous forecast of 15 cents a share. The analyst said
more sales closed in the quarter ended last month than he had
expected, according to Dow Jones Professional Investor
Report.
   Michaels Stores advanced 1 3/8 to 17 7/8 after the company
said its sales rose 23% to $61.6 million in December from the
year-ago level.
   Software Toolworks rose 11/16 to 5 3/4 after the company
said it plans to develop software for Sega Enterprises'
16-bit Genesis video game system. It expects three products
to be available in the second half.
   Software Publishing added 1 5/8 to 17 5/8. It has begun
shipping a version of its Harvard Graphics software that is
designed to work in Microsoft's Windows operating
environment.