Steven D. Wymer
   To Settle Civil Suit
   On Defrauding Cities
The settlement order won't affect the U.S. attorney's
criminal case against Mr. Wymer. A trial on 30 felony counts
of securities fraud, money laundering, obstruction of justice
and other charges is expected to be held this summer. Mr.
Wymer, 43 years old and a resident of Newport Beach, Calif.,
has pleaded not guilty to the criminal charges. He is
currently out on bail.
   Lori A. Richards, assistant regional administrator for the
SEC, said the consent order frees the SEC from prosecuting
Mr. Wymer on civil fraud and allows the agency to concentrate
on getting money back for the municipalities that invested
with Mr. Wymer.
   Ms. Richards said the SEC is conducting an audit on the
books of Mr. Wymer and his companies, Institutional Treasury
Management Inc. and its predecessor, Denman  Co., both
located in Irvine, Calif. She said the audit won't be
concluded until this summer. After the audit is completed,
Ms. Richards said the SEC will ask the court to disgorge Mr.
Wymer's personal assets to help pay back the municipalities.
   The U.S. attorney's office has seized $11 million of Mr.
Wymer's personal assets, including several homes, three
pleasure boats, at least nine cars, and bank accounts in
several states.
   Michael Perlis, an attorney for Mr. Wymer, said: "Our
position has been that Mr. Wymer hasn't misappropriated any
money for his personal use." He said the SEC will have to
prove what sum, if any, should be disgorged from Mr. Wymer's
assets to pay off the municipalities' claims. The shortfall
came from trading losses instead of misappropriation of
funds, Mr. Perlis said.