International:
   Olivetti Estimates
   Surprising 1991 Loss
   Of $317.7 Million
Mr. De Benedetti told a news conference in Davos,
Switzerland, that Olivetti's 1991 loss as a percentage of
sales would be "something similar" to the 4.4% deficit posted
by International Business Machines Corp. IBM reported a
consolidated loss of $2.8 billion on sales of $64 billion.
   Olivetti disclosed last month that consolidated revenue
reached 8.6 trillion lire in 1991, down 4.8% from 9.036
trillion lire in 1990. A 4.4% deficit ratio would put
Olivetti's 1991 loss at 378 billion lire.
   Mr. De Benedetti wouldn't discuss a specific estimate of
last year's loss and said the bottom line would depend on
whether some restructuring costs would be accounted for on
last year's or this year's profit-and-loss account. Final
1991 results will be released in May.
   Massimo Verduci, an analyst with Milan brokerage Pastorino
 Partners, viewed Olivetti's estimated loss as "very bad"
and "certainly much worse than expected."
   The announcement didn't immediately affect Olivetti's
share price. Olivetti common stock closed at 2,847 lire on
the Milan Stock Exchange, up 33 lire. Traders attributed the
stock's advance to speculation that, despite repeated denials
by Mr. De Benedetti, Olivetti is likely to forge a broad
alliance, including a share swap, with another computer
company.
   The Italian financier did say, however, that, provided the
economy remains flat in 1992, Olivetti would break even or
even post a small profit this year.