GICs Losing Favor
   With Investors Wary
   Of Insurers' Woes
   ----
   By James A. White
But the 1991 failures of two big insurers, First Executive
Corp.'s Executive Life Insurance Co. unit and Mutual Benefit
Life Insurance Co., both of which were sizable issuers of
GICs, has sent chills through many investors, who learned
that the safety of a GIC hinges on the stability of the
insurance company that issued it.
   A new Greenwich Associates survey of retirement plans
offered by more than 1,000 companies found that while GICs
remain the most widely selected investment option, they
slipped to 36.6% of overall plan assets in 1991, down from
41.2% in 1989.
   "People are frightened about GICs, and they now understand
that `guaranteed' is nothing more than a word," says Chris
McNickle, a Greenwich Associates executive.
   Meanwhile, the proportion of the company retirement plans
(known as defined-contribution plans) offering GICs and
similar investment contracts issued by banks declined to 66%
in 1991 from 74% in 1989, according to the Greenwich study.
"Right now, there is a strong reaction away from anything
offered by the insurance industry and the banking industry,"
says Brian Ternoey of benefits consultants A. Foster Higgins
& Co.
   Where is the former GIC money going? Mostly into bonds,
according to the Greenwich Associates study. Bonds made up
10.5% of the defined-contribution plan assets in 1991, up
from 6.9% in 1989.
   (See related story: "Nasdaq Posts a Blistering 56.8% Surge
For 1991 as More Big Investors Pile On --- Pensions Finding
Small Is Beautiful" -- WSJ Jan. 2, 1992)