Letters to the Editor:
   It's Wrong to Teach Fear of Sex
In contrast, comprehensive sex-education programs teach
that abstaining from sexual intercourse is the most effective
method of preventing pregnancy and STD/HIV, but believe young
people who are involved in sexual relationships need access
to information about health-care services. Further, they are
based on the premise that in a pluralistic society like
America, people should respect and accept the diversity of
values and beliefs about sexuality that exist in a community.
   More than eight in 10 parents want sex education taught in
high school, and indicate they want HIV/AIDS, birth-control
methods, sexually transmitted diseases, teen-age pregnancy
and reproduction discussed; 94% of parents support education
about HIV/AIDS in schools, and about 80% want that education
to include information about condoms as a preventive measure.
Virtually all respondents say instruction about condom use
should be discussed by the time a student completes junior
high school or middle school. Most of the nation's leading
health, education and youth organizations support
comprehensive sex education. More than 55 of them have joined
together as a National Coalition to Support Sexuality
Education.
   In the complex world in which we live, it is not enough to
say to the young people of America "just say no or die."
   Debra W. Haffner
   Executive Director
   Sex Information and Education Council of the U.S.
   New York