Commission Mulls
   Action on Seoul's
   Freight Firm Laws
   ----
   By Eduardo Lachica
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
South Korean laws require that Korean nationals be the
operators of freight-forwarding businesses, which move cargo
without owning either the goods or ships. The potential
Korean market for foreign forwarders exceeds $50 million a
year.
   Owen Glenn, Direct Container's chairman, said hiring
Korean agents hasn't proved to be a suitable alternative to
opening a branch of its own. "We worked with several Korean
agents, but they went bankrupt, leaving us holding the
candle," he said.
   In the Federal Register notice, the commission
acknowledges that one possible action is to suspend the
privileges of Korean freight forwarders operating in the U.S.
The commission's action is in line with the Bush
administration's efforts to pry open more foreign markets for
U.S. services providers. The U.S. Trade Representative's
office has brought the issue to Seoul's attention, without
any results so far.
   A South Korean Embassy official said that Korean laws
already have been revised to allow inland freight to be
handled by companies with less than 50% foreign ownership. He
acknowledged, however, that such companies' "chief
representatives" have to be Korean nationals. The official
said that Seoul's formal reply to the commission will be
submitted through "diplomatic channels."
   The commission is acting under a 1920 law that authorizes
it to remedy conditions "unfavorable to shipping in the
foreign trade" of the U.S. The so-called Section 19 statute
has been invoked before to open foreign markets for U.S.
ocean carriers, but this is the first request for similar
relief that the commission has received from U.S. freight
forwarders.