Airbus Says It Expects
   A 50% Rise in Orders
   For Jets This Year
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Airbus Industrie has never published financial accounts,
but officials close to the group say that the consortium made
a profit of about $100 million in 1990.
   Airbus Industrie Chief Executive Jean Pierson said the
group's 1991 profit came after repayments totaling $700
million to the consortium's partners, which include
Aerospatiale S.A. of France, Deutsche Airbus G.m.b.H., a unit
of Germany's Daimler-Benz AG, British Aerospace PLC and
Construcciones Aeronauticas S.A. of Spain.
   The payments are for refundable loans that the partners
received from the governments to finance the development of
the Airbus family of commercial aircraft.
   This would suggest that Airbus Industrie was actually able
to turn in an operating profit of close to $1 billion in
1991, a year that Mr. Pierson described as a "catastrophe"
for the world airline industry.
   Mr. Pierson said Airbus Industrie's revenue in 1992 should
be around the $7.7 billion recorded in 1991. That figure was
almost 65% above the $4.68 billion of sales reported for
1990, reflecting the steep rise in deliveries last year to
163 planes from 95 in 1990.
   The rise was partly due to Airbus catching up on delivery
delays caused by a protracted strike at British Aerospace,
which makes wing sections for the Airbus family. Airbus plans
to deliver 160 jets this year.
   The 101 new orders booked last year together were worth
$9.4 billion and were dominated by high-value widebody sales.
Mr. Pierson observed that Airbus "didn't do too badly" in
1991 despite the cancellation of 24 orders by airlines facing
financial difficulties. All the planes have been reclassified
with other customers.
   He said Airbus's target is still to capture 30% of the
world market for commercial jets in the 100 seat or more
category, compared with 26% in 1991. Airbus took a 29% market
share in the categories in which it actually competes.