Business Briefs
Chevron Corp., San Francisco, Calif., and Petroleos de
Venezuela S.A. signed letters of intent to study heavy oil
production and exploration possibilities in Venezuela.
   ---
   Cubic Corp., San Diego, Calif., said it received a $26
million contract from a division of Grumman Corp., Bethpage,
N.Y., to continue work on an Army and Air Force battlefield
surveillance and targeting radar system.
   ---
   Northrop Corp., Los Angeles, Calif., said it received a
$20 million contract from the Air Force to provide the Royal
Saudi Air Force with spare parts for fighter jets equipped
with Northrop's advanced countermeasure system.
   ---
   KCS Group Inc.'s shareholders agreed to change the
company's name to KCS Energy Inc. The oil and natural gas
concern will begin trading today on the Nasdaq national
market system under the symbol KCSE.
   ---
   Octel Associates, a unit of Great Lakes Chemical Corp.,
agreed to market Du Pont Co.'s petroleum additives everywhere
except North America and Japan.
   ---
   Promus Companies Inc. said it will move its Embassy Suites
hotel division from Dallas to Memphis, Tenn., the site of its
corporate headquarters, by early June.
   ---
   Jones Apparel Group Inc. said net income for the fourth
quarter more than doubled to $5.5 million, or 21 cents a
share, from $2.3 million, or 10 cents a share. Sales rose 18%
to $75.7 million. Full-year net income rose 65% to $30.8
million, or $1.25 a share, from $18.7 million, or 86 cents a
share. Year sales rose 15% to $334 million.
   ---
   Campbell Soup Co. said it is adding four new chicken-based
soups to its new low-cholesterol, low-salt "Healthy Choice"
line beginning next month.
   ---
   Iomed Inc., Salt Lake City, Utah, and Allergan Inc.,
Irvine, Calif., agreed to jointly research and develop a
treatment for onychomycosis, a fungal infection of the finger
and toe nails.