Inside Track:
   Executives at Several Firms Sell Shares
   At Big Profit After Exercising Options
   ----
   By Georgette Jasen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Raymond Fino, vice president for human resources at the
Morris Plains, N.J., pharmaceutical company, sold 10,000
shares Jan. 9, also at $78.44, SEC filings show. According to
the filings, he acquired the shares the same day through the
exercise of options at $18.03 each.
   Mr. Maugeri continues to hold 8,000 shares directly; Mr.
Fino has 6,034.
   Two other executives also sold shares last month. A
company spokesman said the executives are long-time employees
and a significant portion of their compensation is in the
form of stock options.
   Warner-Lambert shares traded late yesterday on the New
York Stock Exchange at $68.875.
   At Merck  Co., Jerry T. Jackson, senior vice president,
sold 7,475 shares on Jan. 29, at $154 each, or a total of
$1.2 million. SEC filings show that Mr. Jackson exercised
options to purchase the shares the same day, paying $53.83
each for 3,475 shares and $58.25 each for 4,000 shares,
indicating a profit of about $730,000 on the transactions.
Mr. Jackson continues to hold 10,915 Merck shares, according
to documents on file with the SEC.
   Richard J. Markham, senior vice president and president of
Merck's human health division, sold 5,345 shares on Jan. 3,
at $167.38 each, or just under $900,000, SEC filings show.
According to the filings, he exercised options to purchase a
total of 6,345 shares the same day, and continues to hold
1,000 shares. Mr. Markham paid $58.26 each for 5,625 shares
and $62.25 each for 720 shares, the filings show.
   A spokesman for Rahway, N.J.'s Merck said it is company
policy not to comment on stock sales and purchases by
executives. Merck stock was traded on the Big Board yesterday
at $153.875.
   The largest option-related sale on the Insider Trading
Spotlight that accompanies this article was by David V.
Wachs, chairman of Charming Shoppes Inc., a retail chain
based in Bensalem, Pa. (see accompanying illustration -- WSJ
Feb. 12, 1992) According to SEC filings, Mr. Wachs sold
417,500 shares on Jan. 6 for a total of $9.6 million. He
purchased the shares through the exercise of options the same
day, the filings indicate, for a total of about $3.4 million.
   Most of the shares -- 375,000 -- were purchased for $9
each and sold at $22.88, according to SEC filings.
   Mr. Wachs continues to hold about two million shares,
directly and indirectly, according to documents on file with
the SEC. Bernard Brodsky, vice president and treasurer of the
company, said the sales were for "personal financial-planning
purposes, including estate-tax planning."
   Charming Shoppes closed yesterday in over-the-counter
trading at $27.50.
   SEC filings also show that the chairman and former
chairman of Automatic Data Processing Inc. each sold about
$4.4 million of company stock last month. The sale of 100,000
shares by Josh S. Weston, chairman and chief executive of the
Roseland, N.J., company, was listed as option-related. The
sale leaves him with nearly 228,000 shares.
   Henry Taub, chairman of the executive committee and former
chairman, also sold 100,000 shares; the sales accounted for
just 3% of his total holdings, filings show.
   Mr. Weston said he was exercising a 10-year-old option
that was about to expire and sold primarily for tax-planning
purposes. He said the shares sold accounted for just a small
portion of his total holdings. Mr. Taub couldn't be reached.
   ADP shares traded late yesterday on the New York Stock
Exchange at $46.875.
   ---
   THE BIGGEST SALE: At the top of the accompanying Insider
Trading Spotlight is a $12.3 million sale by A.C. Markkula, a
director of Apple Computer Inc. Mr. Markkula was one of the
original investors in the Cupertino, Calif., company; the
sale accounts for just 3% of his holdings.
   An Apple spokesman declined to comment. Mr. Markkula
couldn't be reached.