What's News --
   Business and Finance
ATT's earnings dropped 22% in the fourth quarter amid
falling product sales and weak results at NCR. But the phone
company said its long-distance volume grew and its
credit-card operation posted strong gains.
   ---
   Unisys posted a stronger-than-expected fourth-period
profit after nearly two years of losses, sending its stock
soaring $1.25, or 22%, to $7, and suggesting the computer
maker may have begun to turn around.
   ---
   Centel hired two investment banks to help it explore the
sale of the communications company and other options. Its
stock jumped $9 to $46.
   ---
   Blue-chip stocks and bond prices tumbled while the dollar
rose. The Dow Jones industrials dropped 29.07 points to
3226.74 in heavy trading. But over-the-counter issues edged
up. Treasury bond prices lost a point.
   ---
   Investment advisers would face beefed-up regulation under
legislation to be proposed by the SEC.
   ---
   Democrats plan to pass another measure that would extend
benefits for the unemployed amid signs that Bush will propose
such aid himself.
   ---
   Sales of U.S.-made vehicles stayed weak in mid-January,
though trucks and cars built by Japanese companies at U.S.
plants recorded gains.
   ---
   Turner Broadcasting is considering making a bid for ailing
Orion Pictures, say executives close to Turner.
   ---
   Small business lending by the federal government would
increase substantially under a proposal by the Small Business
Administration.
   ---
   Bristol-Myers said it will give away its heart drugs to
patients who can't afford them, in the wake of criticism
about jumps in drug prices.
   ---
   Lord Dentsu won the estimated $75 million ad account for
Mazda's Amati unit, beating out four other agencies.
   ---
   Zale agreed to reorganize under Chapter 11, yielding to a
petition by some of the jeweler's bondholders.
   ---
   Data General's profit slid 68% in the latest period. The
computer maker's stock sank $3.875 to $12.125.
   ---
   The SEC urged it be authorized to require the disclosure
of more information in the Treasury debt market. But other
regulators said government interference isn't yet necessary.
   ---
   Intel plans to introduce 30 new versions of its most
popular computer chips this year in an effort to preserve its
market dominance in the face of challenges by "clones."
   ---
   Tokyo stocks edged up, as did London shares. Frankfurt
equities, meanwhile, slid on profit-taking.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 229,680,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3226.74, off 29.07; transportation 1384.72, off 22.42;
utilities 213.51, off 1.69.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4225.23, off 38.63.
   Commodities: Oil $18.72 a barrel, off 22 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 123.07, off 0.13; spot index 115.05, off 0.19.
   Dollar: 123.80 yen, up 0.45; 1.6060 marks, up 0.0160.