New Securities Issues
Philip Morris Cos. -- $350 million issue of 7.50% notes,
due March 15, 1997, priced at 99.50 to yield 7.622%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 60 basis points
above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated single-A-2 by
Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Houston Lighting  Power Co. -- $250 million two-part
issue of first mortgage bonds priced through underwriters led
by First Boston Corp. The first part, consisting of $150
million 7.625% first mortgage bonds, due March 1, 1997, was
priced at 99.951 to yield 7.635%. The noncallable issue was
priced at a spread of 60 basis points above the Treasury's
five-year note. The second part, consisting of $100 million
8.75% first mortgage bonds, due March 1, 2022, was priced at
99.15 to yield 8.83%. The issue, noncallable for 10 years,
was priced at a spread of 85 basis points above the
Treasury's 30-year bond. Both parts are rated single-A-3 by
Moody's Investor Service Inc. and single-A by Standard 
Poor's Corp.
   Kroger Co. -- $175 million issue of senior subordinated
debentures due Feb. 15, 2004, priced at par to yield 9.75%.
Rated single-B-1 by Moody's and single-B by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Houston Lighting  Power Co. -- $100 million issue of
8.15% medium-term notes, due May 1, 2002, was priced at
99.741 to yield 8.19% initially. The noncallable medium-term
notes were priced at a spread of 63 basis points above the
Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-3 by Moody's and
single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by First Boston Corp.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Bisys Group Inc. -- initial 5.5 million shares were priced
at $11 each through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers.
   Schuler Homes Inc. -- initial 4.5 million shares were
priced at $15.50 each through underwriters led by Montgomery
Securities.
   Curaflex Health Services Inc. -- initial three million
common shares were priced at $13 each through underwriters
led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by Salomon Brothers Inc. The offering, Series Gold
1255, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8.5% mortgage securities.
The weighted average lives assume prepayments at 200% of the
PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate
of 9.20% and weighted average remaining term to maturity of
29.33 years.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   District of Columbia -- $300 million variable rate general
obligation bonds, with a final maturity of Oct. 1, 2007, were
tentatively priced by a WR Lazard, Laidlaw  Mead Inc. group
to yield 3.00%. The bonds will carry the fixed rate of 3.00%
through April 21, 1992. On April 22, the bonds will convert
to variable rate securities on which the interest rate will
be reset daily. The bonds are backed by a letter of credit
and rated VMIG-1 by Moody's and A-1-plus by SP. The letter
of credit is provided by six banks: Sumitomo Bank Ltd., Sanwa
Bank Ltd., Bank of Tokyo, Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd.,
Mitsubishi Bank Ltd. and National Westminster Bank PLC.
   Milwaukee County, Wis. -- $84.45 million corporate purpose
unlimited tax general obligation bonds, Series 1992 A, due
Dec. 1, 1993-2011, apparently were won by a Lehman Brothers
group with a bid setting the true interest cost at 6.3806%.
The bonds, rated single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A-minus by
SP, were priced for reoffering to yield from 3.75% in 1993
to 6.75% in 2010 and 2011.
   Virginia Housing Development Authority -- $80.155 million
multifamily housing revenue bonds, Series 1992 C and D, due
May 1 and Nov. 1, 1993-2001, 2004-2009, 2003, 2012, and 2018,
apparently were won by a Merrill Lynch  Co. group with a bid
setting the true interest cost at 6.881%. The bonds, rated
single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by SP, priced at par for
reoffering to yield from 4.50% in 1993 to 7.05% in 2018.
Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 4.50%
in 1993 to 6.80% in 2007-2009. There are no bonds maturing in
2002 and 2003; 6.55% term bonds maturing in 2003 are priced
at par; 7.00% term bonds maturing in 2012 are priced at par;
7.05% term bonds maturing in 2018 are priced at par. Interest
on the bonds maturing in 1993 will be treated as a preference
item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that
may be imposed on certain investors.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   General Electric Capital Australia Ltd. (U.S. parent) --
$75 million (Australian) of 10% Eurobonds due April 30, 1997,
at issue price 101.60 via Hambros Bank Ltd. Guarantor General
Electric Capital Corp. Fees 2.
   State Bank of New South Wales (Australia) -- $100 million
(Australian) of 10.50% Eurobonds due April 30, 1999, at issue
price 101 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd. Yield 10.71%
at 99, a discount equal to the full commissions. Guarantor
State of New South Wales. Fees 2.
   Credit Local de France (France) -- 225 million ECU of
8.50% Eurobonds due June 30, 1997, at issue price 100.675 via
Credit Commercial de France. Offered initially at fixed price
99.05 to yield 8.74%. Bonds will trade interchangeably with
existing 500 million ECU issue. Fees 1.875.
   Caisse Centrale de Cooperation Economique (France) -- 200
million ECU of 8.625% Eurobonds due April 9, 1997, at issue
price 101.445 via Credit Lyonnais. Offered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 99.82 to yield 8.67%. Fees
1.875.
   Bank of Greece (Sovereign) -- 200 million ECU of floating
rate notes due April 1997 via UBS Phillips  Drew. Interest
paid at ECU three-month London interbank offered rate plus
0.875 points at issue price par. Offered initially at fixed
price of 99.71. Fees 0.64.