Banks Report
   Strong Results
   For 4th Quarter
   ---
   Stocks of Many Banks Rise
   As First Union, Others
   Post Healthy Earnings
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Republic New York Corp., which avoids high-risk lending in
favor of securities activities, reported record earnings for
1991. Such regional banks as Fleet/Norstar Financial Group
Inc. and KeyCorp. also reported strong fourth-quarter
earnings. The one exception was Wachovia Corp., which
reported a loss due to merger-related costs.
   Bankers and analysts believe they are finally witnessing
the first decline in problem assets since bad loans began
mounting in late 1989. "Clearly there's a consensus that
credit quality is improving faster than expected," said Judah
Kraushaar, banking analyst at Merrill Lynch.
                                                                                                       

   First Union
                                                                                                       

   First Union reported that fourth-quarter earnings jumped
60%, largely due to strong growth in both net interest and
fee income.
   The Charlotte, N.C., bank said it was particularly
encouraged by a $62 million decline in non-performing assets,
which fell to $1.20 billion in the latest quarter from $1.27
billion in the third quarter.
   First Union said it made a loan-loss provision of $125.3
million in the latest quarter. The company posted $27.4
million in securities gains in the latest quarter, compared
with $7.7 million in the year-ago quarter.
   Ken Stancliff, a senior vice president and treasurer at
First Union, said the company is ahead of schedule in
squeezing cost savings from its acquisition of ailing
Southeast Bank in Miami during the third quarter. He said
Southeast's expenses have been running below original
estimates, because its staff at the time of the acquisition
was smaller than anticipated.
   In late trading on the New York Stock Exchange, First
Union shares rose $2.50 to $33.25.
                                                                                                       

   Fleet/Norstar
                                                                                                       

   Fleet/Norstar, New England's largest bank, reported a
profit after a loss in the year-ago quarter. Fleet, based in
Providence, R.I., said its loan loss provision rose only
slightly during the quarter, to $170.83 million, from $168
million a year earlier.
   "The economy is still in recession, and therefore we have
continued to significantly strengthen our reserves for
possible credit losses," said Terrence Murray, chairman and
chief executive. Still, Mr. Murray said he was encouraged by
the improved results for the year, which he attributed to
strong profits by Fleet's credit and financial services
companies and its upstate New York banks.
   Mr. Murray said that management "continues to be concerned
about the level of non-performing assets," which reached
$1.61 billion at year end. But he saw "some positive trends"
in non-performing assets, noting that the fourth-quarter
increase was the smallest that the bank has reported since
the first quarter of 1989.
   Fleet shares rose $3.375 to $29.25 on the Big Board.
                                                                                                       

   Bank of New York
                                                                                                       

   Bank of New York's per-share net of 82 cents was above the
estimates of analysts, who had expected about 75 cents.
Investors were encouraged by the bank's decline in the costs
of carrying bad loans: Its provision for possible loan losses
fell to $135 million in the fourth quarter from $141 in the
third quarter and $153 million in the yearago quarter.
   Non-performing assets fell 14% from the third quarter at
the $39 billion bank because of the continued sale of
distressed real estate and highly leveraged loans. While a
number of new loans went on nonaccrual status, over $100
million of nonperforming loans were put back on performing
status.
   "Credit costs have peaked and could come down steadily in
1992," said Merrill's Mr. Kraushaar.
   Earnings from trust and securities processing rose to $87
million in the fourth quarter, from $68 million in the
year-earlier period. Mr. Kraushaar said profits from
securities processing and credit cards could grow at a 10% to
20% rate in 1992 and beyond.
                                                                                                       

   Republic New York
                                                                                                       

   The bank's difference between rates paid and interest
rates charged rose to 2.35 percentage points in the fourth
quarter, from 1.94 percentage points in the yearearlier
quarter. Republic attributed the increase, which bolstered
the bank's net interest income, to faster declines on the
rates it pays for liabilities than interest rates on the
bank's assets.
   The $23 billion asset bank has almost no asset quality
problems relative to its peers in New York. The bank's
provision for loan losses was $14.0 million in the fourth
quarter and $62 million for the year. Net loan charge-offs,
or the amount of write-downs in its portfolio, were $13.9
million in the quarter and $70.6 million in 1991.
   Republic is one of the first banks to address new
accounting rules on post-retirement employee benefits. The
bank has elected to amortize the cost of retirement benefits
over a 20-year period rather than take a one-time charge.
Republic said its annual expense for post-retirement benefits
probably will be $3.4 million, a $1.9 million rise from the
current rate.
   Republic's shares fell $1.25 to $46 on the Big Board.
                                                                                                       

   Wachovia Corp.
                                                                                                       

   Wachovia Corp., saddled with special charges linked to its
recent acquisition of South Carolina National Corp., reported
a net loss for its fourth quarter of $40.6 million, one of
the few disappointing earnings reports.
   Wachovia, one of the most consistently and highly
profitable banks in the nation, had indicated earlier this
month that it would have the aberrant quarter as it took
aggressive steps to bring South Carolina National's books in
line with its own strict standards. For the quarter, it took
$138.5 million in special charges related to the acquisition,
including $97.8 million to conform litigation, real estate
and loan valuation policies and practices, and $23.9 million
to write down the book value of intangible assets. Excluding
the effect of the acquisition, Wachovia reported net income
of $62.9 million in the fourth quarter.
   John G. Medlin, Jr., Wachovia's chief executive officer,
said the "unusual quarter in our earnings track was done from
strength and deliberation," and added that he expects results
going forward to be "more normal."
   Wachovia's shares were flat at $61.50 in New York Stock
Exchange trading.
                                                                                                       

   KeyCorp
                                                                                                       

   The Albany, N.Y., regional bank reported record earnings
on rising spreads betweeen the cost of funds and the rates
charged on the company's assets. Non-performing assets did
rise, but at a lower rate than in previous quarters. Its
provision for loan losses rose to $34.5 million from $25.1
million a year earlier.
   The $23 billion asset bank, which caters to individuals
and small businesses in the Northern U.S. states, had a
return on equity of 14.72% in 1991, up from 14.51% in 1990
and more than the average bank its size. Fee income from
services such as mortgage servicing and brokerage commissions
rose sharply.
   KeyCorp's stock was up $1.875 to $43.875 in late afternoon
trading.
   ---
                       1991                 1990
                   in        per        in        per    %
                 millions   share     millions   share  chg.
                                                                                                       

                 FOURTH QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 First Union ...  $88.9    $0.66      $55.5      0.43  60.2
 Fleet/Norstar .   35.2     0.22      -58.9     -0.55   ...
 Bank of N.Y. ..   65.9     0.82       65.0      0.82   ...
 Republic N.Y. .   58.2     1.00       49.5a     0.85  17.6
 Wachovia ......  -40.6b   -0.47       84.4      1.00   ...
 KeyCorp .......   53.1     1.03       37.7      0.88  40.8
                                                                                                       

   a-Includes a one-time charge of $11.9 million related to
consolidation of Manhattan Savings Bank operations.
b-Includes a charge of $138.5 million for costs associated
with the acquisition of South Carolina national Corp.
                                                                                                       

                           YEAR
                                                                                                       

 First Union ... $318.7    $2.55     $304.3     $2.52   4.7
 Fleet/Norstar .   97.7     0.67      -73.7     -0.75   ...
 Bank of N.Y. ..  122.0a    1.28      308.3      3.98 -60
 Republic N.Y. .  227.4     3.95b     201.2      3.62b 13
 Wachovia ......  229.5a    2.68      345.7      4.09 -33.6
 KeyCorp .......  188.1     3.86      148.4      3.47  26.7
                                                                                                       

   a-Includes provision for loan losses of $343 million
reflected in the first quarter. b-Reflects a three-for-two
stock split in October 1991.