International:
   SmithKline Profit
   Before Taxes Rose
   18% in 4th Period
   ----
   By Stephen D. Moore
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Full-year pretax profit jumped 17% to #1 billion from #860
million in 1990. Sales increased 4.1% to #4.69 billion from
#4.5 billion, the company said.
   SmithKline directors also proposed a 2-for-1 stock split
and moved to improve marketability of the company's stock by
proposing changes in so-called equity units that trade
separately from the company's benchmark "A shares" in London
markets. The news boosted the price of SmithKline's A shares
by 10 pence to 938 pence, but the stock later gave up most of
the gains, settling at 931 pence in late London trading.
   The board proposed dividing the equity units -- following
the stock split -- so that they comprise a single split "B
share" plus one preferred share from the current equity unit
structure of five "B shares" and one preferred share. The
tangled equity structure dates from the July 1989 merger of
SmithKline Beckman Corp. of the U.S. and Britain's Beecham
Group.
   If shareholders approve the board's proposals at
SmithKline's annual meeting in May, the equity would be
quoted in London at the same level as SmithKline's "A
shares," simplifying price comparisions and probably boosting
trading liquidity, explained Andrew Porter, a London-based
drug analyst for Nikko Securities Co.