International:
   Lufthansa in Talks
   With U.S. Carriers,
   Seeks Aeroflot Ties
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
He also said that while Weber and Lufthansa might be
interested in discussing the possibility of a jointly run
airline company with Aeroflot, there have been no talks about
such a project to date. "There have been no agreements, or
negotiating delegations," the spokesman said, though he added
that the two companies, which have ongoing business links in
certain areas, have continuous contacts as most airlines do.
   Meantime, Lufthansa confirmed a report in the German
weekly news magazine "Der Spiegel" yesterday that the company
had a loss of 230 million marks ($147 million) on its
Lufthansa airline operations in December alone.
   Without providing more details, the Lufthansa spokesman
said that the December 1991 loss was larger than that of a
year earlier. But he emphasized that most airlines encounter
operating losses in December, which is an off-peak business
month. "It is completely normal to be dragged by losses in
December," he said.
   Last week, Lufthansa announced it expects to post a group
net loss of around 400 million marks for 1991, much worse
than expected. Lufthansa cited the negative impact of the
Gulf War on its operations, among other factors, for the
deficit last year.
   Separately, the Lufthansa spokesman said the airline has
decided to postpone orders for 11 short-range jet aircraft
originally planned for delivery in 1993. He couldn't say when
delivery eventually will be taken.
   Those orders were for a combination of 737-type aircraft
produced by Boeing Co. of the U.S. and A320-type planes made
by Airbus Industrie, the European aircraft manufacturing
consortium.