Letters to the Editor:
   When Fidel Swims, Thousands Mobilize
Another interesting disclosure in the same article informs
us that "Fidel's personal security consists of 9,700 people
countrywide, 2,800 of them in the capital. However, whenever
he visits the provinces, his security is beefed up with every
division of the home army and with part of the armed forces
located in the given region. In such instances the protection
of one single person is ensured simultaneously by 28,000 men.
Moreover, if the leader of the Cuban revolution wants to go
swimming, to sail one of his three yachts, or to go
scuba-diving, then all naval military forces of the given
area are put on high alert, and 122 divers from a special
subdivision comb the sea bottom inch by inch, looking for
underwater mines and traps. . . ."
   Similar privileges are extended to Castro's family,
consisting, in addition to his "secret" wife, of six sons and
an illegitimate daughter, his brother Raul and his wife, and
assorted mistresses.
   To his erstwhile allies in former "socialist" states,
Castro is no longer a hero, but rather a long-winded buffoon
worthy of derision and contempt, yet he still finds some
paracletes in the West, including the Harold Stassen of the
peace movement, Ramsey Clark, and his cohorts who just cannot
reconcile themselves to the fact that the gods they had
worshiped for years are dead and no artificial respiration
can ever resurrect them.
   Soon, perhaps this year, it will be Castro's turn to join
the defunct Communist leaders in their shabby Valhalla. His
exit will come none too soon for the long-suffering Cuban
people.
   Olga S. Hruby
   Executive Director
   RCDA Research Center for Religion and Human Rights
   New York