Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices Move Up, Led by Short-Term Issues,
   In Wake of Overnight Buying in Europe and Asia
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell and Robert Sherman
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Traders said bond prices began to rise early in the day,
following a pattern set during overnight trading in Asia and
Europe. The biggest gains occurred among short-term
securities. Some bond dealers said the strength of the short
end of the market pulled prices of all fixed-income
securities higher.
   But the gains came in relatively quiet trading, a sharp
contrast to Friday's volatile trading conditions triggered by
the February employment report.
   On Friday, bond prices declined nearly one point shortly
after the employment report was released, then quickly
reversed directions. The benchmark bond ended about 3/4 point
higher on Friday.
   Kevin Flanagan, an economist at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.,
says that some investors decided to buy bonds yesterday after
taking a long look at the employment report, and deciding it
may be signaling an economic slump, not a rebound.
   "People had a couple more days to mull over the jobs
report over the weekend, and many may be deciding that it's
not as strong as it appeared at first glance," says Mr.
Flanagan.
   Although the number of payroll jobs grew a substantial
164,000 in February, the unemployment rate rose 0.2
percentage point, to 7.3%. To many investors, the mix of good
and bad economic news makes a strong recovery seem less
likely.
   "Although the economy appears to have some resiliency, it
doesn't appear to have turned the corner" to growth, says
Mark J. Grant, a managing director of capital markets at
Rodman  Renshaw Inc. in Chicago.
   And for bond investors, that makes the two-month-long
back-up in interest rates look like a chance to pick up some
bargains. "People are seeing some attractiveness in bonds
again," says Mr. Flanagan. Given the current moribund state
of the economy, low inflation and the Federal Reserve's
accommodative monetary policy, "Treasury coupons are
undervalued," he says.
   Five-year Treasury notes looked particularly attractive in
this temperate economic environment, and they were the
favorite of investors yesterday, says Mr. Grant. The
Treasury's 6.75% note due in 1997 was quoted late yesterday
in New York at 100, up 15/32. The yield on the note fell 0.10
percentage point to 6.75%.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended sharply higher in thin trading. The
benchmark 30-year Treasury bond ended at a price of 101 11/32
to yield 7.87% compared with 100 22/32 to yield 7.93%.
   Meanwhile, the Treasury sold $22.85 billion of short-term
bills at its regular weekly auction. The average rate on the
new three-month bills was 4.02% and the average rate on new
six-month bills was 4.13%. The average discount rate on
three-month bills was the same as the rate set at last week's
auction while the rate on six-month bills was up slightly
when compared with the 4.10% rate set last week.
   The rates set at yesterday's auction were the highest
since Dec. 16, 1991, when the average discount rate on
three-month bills was the 4.14% and the average rate on
six-month bills was 4.19%.
   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                13-Week          26-Week
                                                                                                       

 Applications ............  $41,494,750,000  $33,161,985,000
 Accepted bids ...........  $11,402,595,000  $11,445,875,000
 Accepted at low price ...              28%              25%
 Accepted noncompet'ly ...   $1,635,875,000   $1,136,755,000
 Average price (Rate) ....   98.984 (4.02%)   97.912 (4.13%)
 High price (Rate) .......   98.989 (4.00%)   97.917 (4.12%)
 Low price (Rate) ........   98.984 (4.02%)   97.907 (4.14%)
 Coupon equivalent .......            4.12%            4.28%
 CUSIP number ............        912794YS7        912794ZK3
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated March 12, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature June 11, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature Sept. 10,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   The casino-industry junk bonds of Trump Organization
jumped after the company filed prepackaged bankruptcies under
Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for its Trump Plaza
Hotel  Casino and Trump Castle Casino Resort.
   The filing, which was widely expected, is considered very
attractive for bondholders. Analysts said that prices also
rose due to expectations that the Trump casinos are now on
the road to financial recovery.
   Trump Castle Funding 13.75% first-mortgage bonds, due
1997, were quoted late at 57 1/2, up 1 1/2 points in trading
on the New York Stock Exchange. At 57 1/2, the bonds are
trading at a 52-week high.
   Lawrence Klatzkin, a vice president and analyst at
Prudential Securities Inc., says the gains reflect
expectations that the restructuring will be clean and quick.
Moreover, he said, "There is huge potential for the gaming
industry to do better."
   Trump Plaza 12.875% first-mortgage bonds, due 1998, were
also trading higher at 102 1/4, up 1 point, in
over-the-counter trading. Unlike the Castle bonds, the Plaza
will continue making interest payments throughout the
bankruptcy reorganization.
   The bankruptcy plan required advance approval by at least
two-thirds of each casino's bondholders. Having advance
approval averts the need for long and costly stints in U.S.
Bankruptcy Court.
   Under the Trump Plaza restructuring, holders of $250
million in debt will swap their 12.875% first-mortgage bonds
for $225 million in new 12% first-mortgage bonds and $75
million of 9.35% cumulative preferrred stock.
   The Trump Castle deal calls for the Trump Organization to
cede 50% equity in the property to bondholders, who will
exchange about $287 million of 13.75% bonds for 9.5% bonds of
the same face value. Trump has missed two interest payments
to Castle bondholders.
   Trump's other Atlantic City casino, Trump Taj Mahal,
emerged from bankruptcy court last year with a prepackaged
plan similar to that proposed for Trump's Castle.
   Separately, Revco D.S. Inc. said that all classes of Revco
creditors have accepted the terms of the company's
long-awaited reorganization plan. The plan is likely to be
confirmed this week in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Akron, Ohio,
allowing the 1,100store drugstore chain to emerge from
bankruptcy protection. Revco's 13.125% senior subordinated
notes, due 1994, were quoted at 47 1/4, unchanged from
Friday.
   Among the broader high-yield market, most junk issues were
up 1/8 to 1/4 point. Meanwhile, prices of investment-grade
securities, most high-grade bonds were up 3/8 to 1/2 point.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Municipal bond prices ended narrowly mixed ahead of a
supply deluge expected to bring more than $4 billion of new
bonds to the market this week.
   Actively traded bonds were anywhere from 1/8 point lower
to 3/8 point higher. The Florida Board of Education's 6.70%
issues of 2022 were 3/8 higher at 100, to yield 6.68%.
   Among yesterday's new issues were the New York State
Thruway Authority's $155.3 million of 1992 Series A bonds.
Those bonds were priced early yesterday by a Smith Barney,
Harris Upham  Co. group and repriced in the afternoon.
   The issue is made up of the following two parts: $85.6
million of emergency highway construction and reconstruction
bonds and $69.7 million of emergency highway reconditioning
and preservation bonds.
   At the repricing, yields on most maturities were raised
from 0.025 percentage point to 0.15 percentage point.
Following the repricing, the bonds yield from 3% in 1993 to
6.125% in 2002.
   The issue is insured by Financial Security Assurance; the
insurance implies triple-A ratings from both Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and Standard  Poor's Corp.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities ended higher.
   Among secondary issues, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities for March delivery were up 5/32 at
99 3/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8% securities
were 4/32 firmer at 98 23/32 and Federal National Mortgage
Association 8% securities were also up 4/32, at 98 21/32.
   Yesterday's release of Fannie Mae mortgage securities
prepayments for February was in line with most expectations.
   Fannie Mae 9% issues and 9.5% issues saw the biggest
prepayment gains, up 49% and 30%, respectively. Bigger gains
are seen in March, which will incorporate the prepayments
that were driven by January's refinancing spree, most
analysts say.
   Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp. analysts
write that the February Fannie Mae data "represent old news,
with mortgage rates now at 9.25% or more. Prepayments on the
8.5% issues to 9.5% issues will slow down sharply in the
spring," reflecting a slowdown in refinancing activity.