FHA to Reduce
   Interest Premiums
   For Certain Loans
   ----
   By Timothy Noah
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In addition, Mr. Kemp said HUD will reduce mortgage
insurance premiums for 15-year mortgages, "which build equity
faster and therefore carry less risk" than 30-year mortgages.
   Mr. Kemp made his comments in an appearance before the
House subcommittee on housing and community development. His
initiatives appeared to be aimed partly at heading off
efforts spearheaded by the Mortgage Bankers Association and
the subcommittee chairman, Rep. Henry Gonzalez (D., Texas) to
repeal a controversial HUD rule preventing FHA home-buyers
from financing more than 57% of closing costs. On March 12,
an emergency housing bill that would repeal the rule cleared
the House Banking Committee. The measure also would provide
$15.6 billion in Community Development block grants to
stimulate local construction. The Bush administration opposes
the bill.
   Mr. Kemp urged the subcommittee not to dilute FHA reforms.
He noted that a Price Waterhouse study found that the FHA's
Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund declined in the fiscal year
ended Sept. 30, 1991, to $871 million. That was considerably
below the $3.75 billion that Price Waterhouse says is needed
to protect against the effects of recession. Mr. Kemp blamed
the insurance-fund dip on a "slower-than-expected recovery."
But Mr. Gonzalez said that he "absolutely" would press ahead
with his bill.