Ladbroke Group
   Pretax Earnings
   Fell 29% in 1991
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The company said its pretax profit fell to #210.4 million
from a restated #296.5 million in 1990. Ladbroke subtracted
#10.1 million from each of the two years to provide for
interest on #150 million of convertible bonds due 2004.
   Ladbroke's property division, which has been the focus of
attention in recent months, wrote off #66.1 million from the
value of its property portfolio. But the company made several
sales and leasings during the period, limiting the unit's
operating loss from the about #35 million that analysts had
estimated. The division registered a #45.2 million profit in
1990.
   The company's Hilton hotel chain and off-track-betting
parlors also saw worsened results.
   Hotel profits fell 6% to #163.8 million from #174.3
million, hurt by the Persian Gulf War's effect on
international travel. Profits included #43.7 million gained
from selling two U.K. Hiltons, compared with #20.8 million
from hotel sales in 1990.
   Currently, Ladbroke said, "Hilton International is seeing
an increase in business travel and there are indications of a
good upturn in international tourism from the lows of last
year."
   Ladbroke defended its oft-criticized policy of including
profits from the sale of hotels in operating profit, rather
than as one-time exceptional items.
   "Hilton's policy of selling, on a selected basis, as well
as buying and developing hotels, provides part of the profits
of the hotels division," the company said.
   Ladbroke owns the 150-unit Hilton chain outside the U.S.
and Vista International hotels in the U.S.
   Betting profits slid 30% to #64.5 million from #91.7
million. Ladbroke's 58 OTB parlors in Belgium were hurt by
higher duties in the Flanders region. In the U.S. and U.K.,
recession took its toll. A race track that Ladbroke owns in
Minneapolis lost business when a casino opened on a nearby
Indian reservation.
   Ladbroke said its OTB chain is being helped in 1992 by
more all-weather racing and by cost cuts. "Any recovery in
consumer expenditure will feed through to the bottom line,"
the company promised.
   Faring well was Ladbroke's Texas Homecare chain of
do-it-yourself stores. There, profit rose 20% to #47.5
million from #39.7 million.
   Ladbroke said Texas Homecare has continued to make
progress since the beginning of 1992. During 1991, the chain
opened three joint-venture stores in Spain. It plans five
more in 1992.