Who's News:
   Fidelity Investments
   Picks Meade to Head
   Its Brokerage Unit
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
Fidelity's brokerage business, while large, "is hidden in
the shadow of the mutual fund business," said Mr. Meade. "It
is my goal to change that." Fidelity said it plans to expand
its 66-branch brokerage network and increase the number of
sales representatives in existing branches, currently more
than 400, by 20%.
   The hiring of Mr. Meade continues a string of personnel
changes both at Fidelity and Kemper. The Fidelity
discount-brokerage president's job has been vacant for
several months, despite the firm's "across-the-board"
expansion plans for the division. Kemper Securities,
meanwhile, has lost several brokerage executives since its
five struggling brokerage firms were consolidated into one
last year.
   Gordon R. Watson, who as president of Fidelity Brokerage
Group oversees Mr. Meade's division as well as the
institutional and trade-processing operations, said expanding
the brokerage business is "one of the most important
strategic initiatives" for Fidelity in the 1990s. Mr. Meade's
appointment is effective Feb. 2.
   In Long Grove, Ill., a Kemper Securities Group spokeswoman
said Mr. Meade left the firm last summer. His president's
position has been assumed since then by Chairman James R.
Boris.