Business Brief:
   MCI Gets a $558 Million FAA Contract
   For Air Traffic Control Communications
The new communications system will be designed to increase
reliability and to prevent the kind of outage that occurred
last September, when ATT's long-distance network was jammed
by an equipment failure in New York City. The outage resulted
in the grounding of hundreds of planes and thousands of
flight delays.
   The 10-year contract is a major public relations coup as
well as a financial boost for MCI, of McLean, Va. MCI can now
boast that it will be the architect of one of the most
important and sophisticated communications networks in the
country.
   In a statement, ATT said it was disappointed at the FAA's
decision. It was the company's first major institutional loss
since last September's outage.
   Barry Lambert Harris, acting FAA administrator, called the
award "an important step in the continuing modernization of
our air traffic control . . . systems."
   Jerry Edgerton, vice president of government systems for
MCI, said in an interview that MCI will have to replace
communications that link all FAA air traffic control
facilities, ranging from radar sites to control centers. If
all the contract options are exercised over the 10-year
period, he estimated that MCI could receive nearly $1 billion
in business.
   Nearly 100 companies initially expressed interest in the
contract.