UAW Plans Strikes
   At 2 More Plants
   Of Caterpillar Inc.
   ----
   By Robert L. Rose
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Peoria, Ill., company said it was "extremely
disappointed in the UAW's actions." In a statement,
Caterpillar said it's hard to negotiate "when the union
insists on an uncompromising, hard-line position."
   The labor dispute, which began with a partial strike Nov.
4, already is one of the longest and largest in the private
sector in recent years. It's seen by many labor experts as a
major test of labor's strength.
   The decision by the union's central bargaining committee
to expand the strike marks part of a broader attempt by the
union to step up pressure on Caterpillar as the standoff
moves into its fourth month.
   Some UAW officials said they feared the company's move to
end the lockout was motivated more by a need for equipment
than by a sincere desire to close the gap in negotiations.
The company, however, has said it would make "important
modifications" to its proposal.
   A member of the union's central bargaining committee said
that unless the company makes "significant improvements" in
its offer at a session planned for next week, the union plans
to expand the strike further. "It will be like rolling
thunder," he said.
   A union spokesman wouldn't comment on plans after next
week's meeting. But he said union President Owen Bieber, in
stops Monday and Tuesday at UAW locals in Illinois, pledged
to achieve a "pattern agreement," that is, one similar to
that negotiated last year at Deere  Co.
   The UAW has also told the company that unless it withdraws
a proposal for a separate contract at its parts-distribution
facilities, the union won't be bound to a previous no-strike
agreement in those places.
   A strike at those Caterpillar Logistics Services centers
could halt the flow of essential parts to Caterpillar
customers and other companies serviced by the centers. The
company said such a strike would be illegal.