Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Reach Record 3272.14,
   Boosted by Blue-Chips' Earnings
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But "if you looked beyond that {measure}, you wouldn't
think the market has much strength," said Paul Hennessy, head
equities trader at Boston Co. in Boston.
   Standard  Poor's 500-stock index slipped 0.03 to 414.96,
and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index edged up 0.01
to 228.95. Advancing issues outpaced decliners 891-812. Big
Board volume jumped to 217.070,000 shares from 190,430,000
Monday.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index gained 0.23
to 412.71. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 331-284.
   The flight of the industrial average was propelled by
Procter  Gamble, Allied-Signal and Walt Disney.
   PG surged 5 1/2 to 102 5/8 after the maker of personal
health-care and household items reported better-than-expected
earnings of $1.47 a share for its second quarter, compared
with $1.35 expected by nine analysts surveyed by First Call,
a unit of Thompson Financial Networks.
   Allied Signal jumped 1 1/4 to 47 1/2. The aerospace,
automotive and fibers concern reported fourth-quarter
earnings of 83 cents a share, slightly above the 81 cents
expected by 11 analysts surveyed by First Call.
   Disney resumed its rise, after losing some steam Monday,
with a jump of 9 to 141 1/2. The entertainment empire
announced after the close of trading Monday that it earned
$1.56 a share in its first quarter, 18% better than the $1.32
projected in a First Call survey of 15 analysts.
   "You have to put the Dow's move in perspective," said Dale
Tills, head of institutional trading at Charles Schwab. "But
even then the broader market looks good."
   Action in the broader market suggested that investors are
starting to discriminate between economically sensitive
cyclical companies, whose earnings would be expected to grow
in the first stages of a recovery, and those whose profit
increases may continue to lag for months.
   Shares of companies related to home construction, for
instance, proved attractive as investors bet that President
Bush would announce home-buying incentives in his State of
the Union address last night.
   Ryland Group added 1 1/4 to 27 1/2, Clayton Homes gained 1
to 19 3/8, and PHM gained 1 1/4 to 26 5/8. PHM reported
earnings of 82 cents a share, double the amount forecast by a
First Call survey of five analysts.
   Forest products stocks also jumped.
   Louisiana-Pacific gained 3 1/4 to 57 7/8, Georgia-Pacific
added 1 5/8 to 66 3/8, and Weyerhaeuser rose 1/8 to 31 3/4.
International Paper, another stock in the Dow Jones
industrials, rose 1 3/4 to 76 1/8.
   On the other hand, shares of heavy-machinery makers
slipped: Caterpillar lost 3/4 to 46 3/4, and Deere dropped
1/4 to 50 1/4.
   "Investors are realizing that you need the economy to do
more than just start a turnaround for these companies to do
well," said Michael Franckowiak, a trader at Chancellor
Capital Management. "A real need for these products" will
only pick up later in the recovery, he said.
   Other traders warned that the market may be getting too
enthusiastic about automobile stocks. "You have to ask
yourself, do I really want to own General Motors when it
probably won't earn anything for maybe a year or two?" said
Edward Collins, head trader at Daiwa Securities America.
   GM gained 1/4 to 34 3/8, Ford Motor added 1/8 to 32 7/8,
and Chrysler rose 1/8 to 15 1/8.
   Compaq lost 2 3/8 to 32 3/4 on volume of 3.4 million
shares, almost three times its daily average. Although the
computer maker's fourth-quarter earnings of 77 cents a share
were better than expected, company officials told analysts
yesterday morning that Compaq would incur heavy first-half
marketing costs associated with new sales in Japan and new
products. Eugene Glazer, an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds,
said, "If you combine that buildup in expenses with continued
economic pressures abroad and price competition, it suggests
that earnings in the first half might not be as good as might
be implied by the fourth-quarter results."
   Phelps Dodge jumped 3 5/8 to 78 5/8. The copper producer
reported fourth-quarter earnings of $2.16 cents a share,
compared with $1.76 cents a share projected in a survey of 12
analysts by First Call.
   Storage Technology gained 10 to 66 1/2 on heavy trading of
1.7 million shares, compared with a daily average of 395,962
shares. The data storage technology company unveiled its
Iceberg advanced diskarray storage subsystem and said it has
purchase commitments totaling $150 million from 140
customers.
   Mylan Laboratories fell 2 1/4 to 35 1/2. The fall erased
most of the gains made in the drug maker's shares since last
Wednesday. Mylan reported third-quarter earnings of 27 cents
a share, on target with projections made by four analysts
surveyed by First Call in October.
   FMC lost 1 1/4 to 49. The chemical and machinery company
reported fourth-quarter earnings of 83 cents a share, in line
with analysts' expectations. But company officials said weak
economic conditions and a poor outlook for the defense
industry will probably keep 1992 results below last year's.