World Markets:
   Stock Prices Drop in Lethargic Tokyo Session
   But Climb on Good Data in London, Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Tuesday, the Nikkei rose 167.36 points to close the
morning session at 21174.47.
   Monday's first-section volume was estimated at 130 million
shares, shrinking from 188 million on Friday. The previous
low for the year was 175 million shares on Jan. 13. If
Monday's final tally is less than 130 million, it would be
the lowest volume since Nov. 7, 1983, when 123 million shares
changed hands. Losers outnumbered gainers, 604-322, and 195
issues were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first section issues,
which dropped 25.92 points Friday, gave up 10.39 to 1574.47.
   The Tokyo bourse's inactivity and lack of buyers was due
partly to the absence of fresh news after Saturday's meeting
of officials from the Group of Seven industrialized nations
and to a lack of movement in foreign exchange and interest
rates. Moreover, after the Diet, or Japanese parliament,
opened a session Friday, investors were awaiting possible
disclosures of politicians' involvement in bribery or stock
scandals, as well as President Bush's State of the Union
message set for Tuesday night U.S. time. Dealers also were
reluctant to increase their positions a day ahead of the last
trading day for January accounts.
   In London, on the first day of the new two-week trading
account, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index
rose 29.5 points, or 1.2%, to 2539.9. The FT 30-stock index
advanced 21.5 points, or 1.1%, to 1966.4. Volume eased to
448.1 million shares from 614.6 million in the previous
session.
   Bullishness resulted in part from news that Britain's 1991
current-account deficit was smaller than the government
expected, with fourth-quarter imports offering signs of a
gradual economic upturn. The data also showed a buoyant trend
in exports, adding to expectations of a victory for the
ruling Conservative Party in the general election that must
be called by midyear, and this helped push sterling higher
against other European currencies. Shares also were supported
by opinion polls that narrowly favor the Conservatives; a
strong opening performance on Wall Street; and a stronger
dollar, which helped bolster several blue-chip companies that
have a large proportion of their earnings denominated in the
U.S. currency.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index gained 18.81 points,
or 1.1%, to 1683.58. The broad advance -- all the DAX stocks
rose -- in moderate trading was attributed to buying by some
foreign investors and German institutions and to the market's
attempt to pull out of its recent consolidation. The bourse
also was aided by the London stock market's strength and by
indications that German inflation this month may be lower
than previously expected.
   Elsewhere in Europe, French stocks jumped on the first day
of the bourse's February trading account, though volume was
disappointing. Madrid shares' gains were termed a technical
reaction to last week's market gloom.
   Hong Kong shares dropped sharply on a second consecutive
session of profit-taking after the market's recent steep
advances. Elsewhere on Pacific and Asian exchanges, Taipei's
rise in heavy trading came as small-capitalization shares,
with their growth prospects, became the focus of buying
interest. Manila shares' decline in a technical correction
continued. Seoul stocks rose on expectations of improved
intra-Korean peninsula relations, triggered by reports that
North Korean leaders have agreed to set up joint ventures
with South Korean companies; this boosted construction and
trade-related issues, which were viewed as the most likely to
benefit from improved relations.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Legal  General
Group jumped 7 pence, or 1.9%, to 375 pence ($6.73). The
insurer said it has reinsured 40% of its household property
business, as unspecified reinsurers agreed to take on
liability in return for a proportional share of premium
income. Claims that led to a 1991 first-half loss prompted
the company to reduce volatility and concentrate on life
insurance and pension business. Legal  General declined to
comment on reports that the 40% stake is valued at more than
#100 million ($179.4 million).
   Racal Electronics dropped 1, or 2%, to 48 1/2. The company
confirmed that its pretax profit for the year ending March 30
will be "not less than" #50 million and that operating profit
will be at least #100 million. It reiterated the forecasts
after British news reports suggested they weren't valid any
longer. In 1990, Racal had pretax profit of #223 million and
operating profit of #276 million. Year-to-year results aren't
comparable, because they include the earnings for a business
that has been shed.
   In Frankfurt, Metallgesellschaft climbed 4.50 marks, or
1.1%, to 420.50 marks ($263.57). The nonferrous-metals
company said it probably will pay a dividend of 10 marks a
share for the year ended Sept. 30, unchanged from a year
earlier despite lower earnings, about which it declined to
elaborate.
   In Paris, Total slumped 16 French francs, or 1.5%, to
1,047 francs ($192.46), after losing early gains from a
financial report by the company. The French state-controlled
oil group, partly citing productivity gains, said it expects
to post a 41% increase in 1991 profit to 5.8 billion francs
($1.07 billion) from a year earlier, and it declared a
4-for-1 stock split effective Feb. 10. It estimated that 1991
earnings per share rose 24% to 110 francs after accounting
for a 15% increase in shares outstanding. Total didn't
estimate revenue, which totaled 128 billion francs in 1990.
After the stock split, Total will have 210.4 million shares
and share equivalents outstanding, and the ratio for holders
of American depositary receipts will change to 1-to-2 from
1-to-8.
   In Stockholm, Volvo B shares rallied 5 kronor, or 1.3%, to
398 Swedish kronor ($68.58), while Procordia B shares skidded
14, or 6.6%, to 198. The previously disclosed proposal by
Procordia, a drug concern, to merge with the auto maker
dominated the Swedish market's activity, as about half the
turnover was in these two companies' shares.
   In Madrid, Telefonica declined 10 Spanish pesetas to 1,180
pesetas ($11.70). Spain's state-run telecommunications
monopoly said it will pay a net interim dividend of 18.75
pesetas a share for the latest fiscal year, unchanged from a
year earlier.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.

                                               %1991
                          Jan 24     Jan 23     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ...............    388.2      387.8    + 26.5
   Britain ............    742.7      747.3    + 16.2
   Canada .............    410.8      410.3    + 12.0
   Japan ..............    917.1      934.3    -  7.8
   France .............    524.6      522.1    + 23.7
   Germany ............    257.4      258.8    + 14.1
   Hong Kong ..........   3360.8     3366.5    + 54.7
   Switzerland ........    217.4      217.1    + 28.8
   Australia ..........    341.8      346.3    + 27.6
   World index ........     22.5      527.7    + 13.2
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

   ISSUE (COUNTRY)                          CLOSE     %CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Unisys (U.S.)......................       8.0      +45.5
   Wang Laboratories B (U.S.).........       4.0      +28.0
   Centel (U.S.)......................      44.750    +23.4
   Crownx (Common) (Canada)...........       2.150    +22.2
   Computer Assoc. Int'l (U.S.).......      15.125    +21.0
   Cincinnati Milacron (U.S.).........      15.375    +17.1
   Saurer Hldg/SGI INH Unit (Swiss)...    1870.0      +16.9
   Oerlikon-Buehrle Namen (Swiss).....     119.0      +16.7
   Montleigh Group (Swiss)............       0.105    +16.7
   Maho (Germany).....................     182.0      +15.9
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Data General (U.S.)................      12.125    -32.2
   Norske Bank A (Norway).............       8.30     -29.7
   European Leisure (Britain).........       0.050    -28.6
   Ratners (Britain)..................       0.215    -20.4
   Lonrho (Britain)...................       1.20     -20.0
   Amstrad (Britain)..................       0.265    -14.5
   Barratt Developments (Britain).....       0.420    -14.3
   Corning (U.S.).....................      60.375    -13.8
   Elkem A (Norway)...................      67.50     -13.5
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective