Treasury to Reduce
   Some of Its Reliance
   On 30-Year Bonds
   ----
   By Lucinda Harper
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In all, the Treasury plans to sell $36 billion of notes
and bonds in the midquarter refunding to raise about $15
billion in new cash.
   Assistant Treasury Secretary Jerome Powell said that the
Treasury will sell more short-term securities to compensate
for the reduction in long-term ones. For instance, the
Treasury will offer $15 billion in three-year notes next
week, compared with $14 billion in the last auction.
   "We will save taxpayer refinancing costs through this
modest reduction" of long-term bonds, Mr. Powell said. He
wouldn't estimate how much money would be saved. The change
in the proportion of long-term to short-term debt will extend
to future quarterly auctions, he said. No further tinkering
is planned. "We don't want to surprise the marketplace. The
market charges for uncertainty and we try to avoid (that),"
he added.
   From time to time, some economists have urged the Treasury
to rely less on long-term borrowing to save taxpayers money,
to signal that the government expects inflation rates to fall
in the future and to help bring down long-term interest
rates. Only in the past few months have top Treasury
officials said they were seriously considering the move,
which has been controversial on Wall Street. Some critics had
been urging that the Treasury rely even less on 30-year
bonds, but Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady ultimately
rejected that move.
   The refunding will comprise $15 billion of three-year
notes due Feb. 15, 1995, to be sold Tuesday in minimum
denominations of $5,000; $11 billion of 10-year notes due
Nov. 15, 2001, to be auctioned Wednesday in minimum
denominations of $1,000; and $10 billion in 30-year bonds due
on Nov. 15, 2021, to be sold next Thursday in minimum
denominations of $1,000.
   Some of the proceeds will be used to refund $21 billion in
maturing debt.
   The Cusip numbers are 912827E24 for the three-year notes;
912827D25 for the 10-year notes; and 912810EL8 for the
30-year bonds.
   Noncompetitive tenders for the notes and bonds must be
received by noon EST on the day of the auction at Federal
Reserve banks or branches.