Economy:
   Manufacturing
   Sector Shrank
   In December
   ---
   Purchasers' Survey Is Sign
   Of Faltering Recovery;
   Jobless Claims Decline
   ----
   By David Wessel
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"Cautious manufacturers seem ready to wait for an increase
in new orders before expanding production, a scenario which
suggests a continuation of the economic malaise into the
first quarter of 1992," said Robert Bretz, purchasing manager
at Pitney Bowes Inc. and chairman of the survey committee.
   In other indicators, the Labor Department said that
initial claims for state unemployment insurance in the week
ended Dec. 21 fell by 29,000 from the previous week to
438,000, the second consecutive week of declining claims. But
economists cautioned against reading too much into that news
unless the trend continues.
   In addition, the Commerce Department said that
construction spending fell 0.8% in November as the
commercial-building business continued to deteriorate.
   A separate survey of chief executive officers of
fast-growing companies found that they too expect little
significant economic growth in the next few months. The
American Business Conference said that only 42% of those
surveyed expect an increase in their companies' sales in the
first quarter from the fourth quarter of 1991; 36% predicted
a decline, and 22% expected no change.
   Fully 50% of the executives expect to cut payrolls in the
first quarter, while only 19% expect additional hiring; the
remainder foresee no change. "If 1991 was a year of declining
consumer confidence, 1992 is beginning as a year of
deteriorating business confidence," said Barry Rogstad,
president of the organization.
   The gloomy purchasing managers' report led several
economists to predict that the government's employment tally
for December will show a decline in manufacturing payrolls.
Those figures are to be released by the Labor Department next
Friday.
   The purchasing managers' employment index hit its lowest
point since last spring. Only 9% of those surveyed said
employment grew in December, and 32% said employment fell. In
November, 11% reported increases and 25% decreases. "As a
result of the sluggish economy," the association said, "a
number of members reported their companies had implemented .
. . hiring freezes, hiring furloughs, short-term layoffs and
plant closings."
   The purchasing managers' measure of new factory orders was
also down sharply to the worst reading since April. Only 18%
of those surveyed said orders increased in December, compared
with 26% the previous month.
   Nevertheless, export growth continued in December, the
association said. President Bush emphasized the importance of
exports in a press conference in Australia when he was asked
about Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher's recent assertion
that Japan is partly responsible for the current poor health
of the U.S. economy.
   Mr. Bush replied that he didn't know precisely what Mr.
Mosbacher had said, but added: "Any time you have an
extraordinarily big trade imbalance, I think you would say
that that would be contributing to a lack of economic growth.
And so, if that's what he said, I certainly couldn't find a
way to differ with him at all."
   The Commerce Department report showed that construction
spending in November fell 0.6% to an annual rate of $406.3
billion, after adjusting for inflation. Construction of
single-family homes was up a bit, but commercial building was
down, with office construction off sharply. Spending for
public construction was about the same as in October.
   Before adjusting for inflation, the department said, total
new construction in the first 11 months of 1991 was 10% below
that of the same period of 1990; commercial building was off
18%.
   In the week ended Dec. 14, the Labor Department said,
3,464,000 people were receiving state unemployment benefits,
or 3.3% of those eligible, up 128,000 from the previous week,
when the rate was 3.1%.
   The average level of new claims for jobless benefits in
the four weeks ended Dec. 21 was 453,000, down from 462,250
for the previous four-week period but still above last
summer's level. Some economists prefer the four-week average
because it isn't as volatile as the weekly measure and isn't
distorted by holidays in which unemployment offices are
closed.
   All the figures are seasonally adjusted.
   ---
                   CONSTRUCTION SPENDING
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's figures for
construction spending in billions of dollars at seasonally
adjusted annual rates.
                                                                                                       

                                   Oct.      Nov.      Nov.
                                   1991      1991      1990
                                                                                                       

 Total new construction .........  409.4     406.3     431.4
   Residential ..................  167.5     167.3     168.0
   Nonresidential ...............   91.1      87.8     111.4
   Public .......................  112.8     112.8     114.2