Business Brief:
   Xerox Says 4th-Period Profit Fell 61%,
   But Net After Charge Exceeded Forecast
For the quarter, earnings were $91 million, or 73 cents a
share, down from $235 million, or $2.27 a share, a year
earlier. But the business equipment and financial services
giant took a charge of $101 million, or $1.06 a share, to
cover a program announced in December to slash its work
force; and the 1990 fourth quarter included a gain of $50
million, or 53 cents a share, from the sale of an overseas
unit as well as a loss from discontinued operations of $12
million, or 13 cents a share.
   Revenue fell 2.8% to $4.87 billion from $5.01 billion.
   Excluding special items, fourth-quarter earnings fell 2.5%
to $192 million, or $1.79 a share, from $197 million, or
$1.87 a share, a year earlier. Many analysts had been
expecting the 1991 figure to be in the range of $1.60 a
share.
   A particular surprise was a 4% profit gain by Xerox's core
business of copiers, printers and other office equipment.
Because of the recession and heavy international competition,
analysts had predicted an earnings decline in that business.
   For the full year, Xerox's net climbed 87% to $454
million, or $3.91 a share, from $243 million, or $1.66 a
share. Excluding special items and discontinued operations,
full-year earnings were unchanged at $555 million, or $4.97 a
share.
   Revenue for the year slipped 1% to $17.83 billion from
$17.97 billion.