Hertz Surcharges
   For New Yorkers
   Spur Investigations
   ----
   By Kevin Pritchett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The surcharges, announced last Thursday, apply to rentals
in New York, Connecticut, New Jersey and Pennsylvania by
residents of the city's boroughs of Bronx, Brooklyn,
Manhattan and Queens. Residents of the fifth New York City
borough, Staten Island, aren't affected. Hertz, which is 49%
owned by Ford Motor Co., hadn't previously imposed such
charges. Residents of the Bronx will pay a $56-a-day
surcharge; residents of Brooklyn, $34 a day; residents of
Manhattan, $3 a day; and residents of Queens, $15 a day.
   Hertz said it started applying the surcharges because of
the losses it has sustained over the years from "vicarious
liability" lawsuits, in which Hertz can be held ultimately
liable for injuries to a third party by the driver of a
Hertz-owned car. New York is one of 10 states with such
liability laws.
   Besides questioning the legality of the surcharges, the
agencies are investigating whether Hertz's action is directed
towards New York's poor and minorities, which have large
populations in the affected boroughs. "Even if it's legal, it
would set a horrible precedent if consumers were charged more
for other products and services because they may live in
low-income, high-crime neighborhoods. The market would be
erecting huge economic ghettos around the country," Mr. Green
said.
   Avis Inc., the nation's second-largest car rental company,
has expressed its opposition to New York's vicarious
liability law, but also has said Hertz might be taking an
incorrect approach, driving customers away.
   The New York Public Interest Research Group Inc. has
launched a boycott against Hertz and Ford. The nonprofit
advocacy group, which claims 65,000 members statewide, said
Hertz was "red-lining" New York City. A Ford spokesman
declined to comment on the boycott, and Hertz officials
couldn't be reached for comment.