Politics  Policy:
   Plan to Revive Economy Is a Medley
   Of Tax Cuts Reversing 1986 Reforms
   ----
   By David Wessel
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Here are the highlights of President Bush's tax proposals:
   -- Starting March 1 or sooner, the plan would cut the
amount of taxes withheld by employers from a worker's
paycheck. Most workers now have more money withheld each year
than is necessary to pay their tax bills, and thus get large
refunds. This change would curtail that overwithholding,
providing the average married wage earner a $350 one-time
boost in available cash this year while reducing the refund
for next year. High-income wager earners wouldn't see a
change in their withholding, however.
   -- Increase the personal exemption, now $2,300 a person,
by $500 for each child under age 18, effective Oct. 1, 1992.
The increase would be phased out beginning with families
having gross income above $157,000. For a family with three
children, wage income of $40,000 and no extraordinary
deductions, this would reduce taxes by $56.52 in 1992 and
$225 a year thereafter.
   -- Give first-time home buyers, defined as those who
haven't owned a house for the past three years, a tax credit
of 10% of the purchase price, up to $5,000, if they buy a
house or condominium between Feb. 1, 1992, and Jan. 1, 1993.
Half the credit would be used to reduce 1992 taxes and half
1993 taxes.
   -- Allow home owners who sell a house at a loss after Feb.
1 to deduct the loss to the extent that it exceeded 10% of
their income.
   -- Cut the maximum tax on capital gains, now 28%, to 15.4%
for assets held for three years or more, to 19.6% for assets
held for two years and to 23.8% for assets held one year.
Covers all assets sold after Feb. 1 except collectibles, such
as art or antiques.
   -- Allow taxpayers to deduct interest on loans used to pay
for college or post-high school vocational education,
effective July 1, 1992.
   -- Create a new "Flexible Individual Retirement Account"
allowing couples with income up to $120,000 and individuals
with income up to $60,000 to contribute $2,500 per person.
There would be no initial tax deduction, but interest would
accumulate tax-free if the money remained on deposit for
seven years. Money from existing IRA accounts could be rolled
over into the new accounts, but both the initial contribution
and interest would be taxed, with taxes spread over four
years. All existing IRA programs would remain in place.
   -- Permit penalty-free withdrawals from IRA accounts for
medical care, education and, up to $10,000, for the purchase
of a first home.
   -- Allow a deduction of up to $3,000 for people who adopt
a child with special needs.
   -- Repeal the luxury tax on expensive boats and airplanes,
but leave it on expensive autos, jewelry and furs.
   -- Give businesses an additional first-year depreciation
allowance, dubbed an Investment Tax Allowance, equal to 15%
of the purchase price of equipment and most other depreciable
assets, but not real estate, purchased on or after Feb. 1 but
before Jan. 1, 1993, and placed in service by June 30, 1993.
This would supplement existing first-year depreciation
allowances but would reduce depreciation allowances in later
year. It would be available to all companies, including those
paying the alternative minimum tax.
   -- Cut taxes for capital-intensive companies that pay the
alternative minimum tax by repealing the "adjusted current
earnings" test for equipment purchased after Feb. 1.
   -- Allow developers and those who substantially renovate
buildings -- but not most real estate agents, appraisers or
real estate lawyers -- to deduct "passive losses" that were
prohibited in 1986. The provision would be effective for tax
years ended on or after Dec. 31.
   -- Allow employers to subsidize public transportation to
workers tax-free as much as $60 a month, up from the current
$21 a month ceiling.
   -- Extend the research and development tax credit
permanently. Extend research and development allocations
rules, low-income housing credit, targeted jobs credit,
business energy credit and mortgage-revenue bond program
through Dec. 31, 1993.
   -- Alter existing law to encourage pension funds to invest
in real estate.