International:
   Matsushita to Revise
   Distribution System
   After U.S. Pressure
A Matsushita spokesman said the company is restructuring
its rebate system, which rewards stores based on the
percentage of Matsushita-brand products in the stores'
inventories. The system has helped preserve loyalty among the
company's 25,000 "National stores" in Japan by, in effect,
discouraging them from buying and offering other makers'
products.
   Starting in April, the company will base the amount of a
store's rebate on its actual sales of Matsushita goods.
   In addition, the company will cancel a pooling system that
encouraged long-term business relationships. Under the
system, Matsushita collects 1% of its National stores'
purchases of Matsushita goods and later gives out a dividend
to each store.
   The National shops, named after Matsushita's brand of
household electronics sold in Japan, have long played an
important role in making Matsushita Japan's biggest
consumer-electronics company. But the emergence of large
discount electronics stores, which allow consumers to choose
among different brands and offer generous discounts, rapidly
took sales away from the National stores, which have a
limited amount of goods and charge much more.
   Matsushita can't abruptly cut off the stores, which
account for 60% of sales.