Finex Plans Longer
   Trading Session
   Starting in March
   ----
   By Stanley W. Angrist
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
A Finex spokesman said the hours extension is intended to
accommodate major institutional traders that want to hedge
currency risks, as well as commodity funds. Some trading is
expected to be attracted from overseas, he said.
   The exchange will use floor traders and the open-outcry
method of trading as currently employed in its
daylight-trading session. The spokesman said that
implementing this system won't conflict with "the exchange's
ongoing exploration of electronic trading."
   The Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of
Trade are currently designing a world-wide, after-hours
electronic trading system called Globex. It uses computer
screens rather than trading pits to match buy and sell
orders.
   To facilitate execution of orders, the Finex is arranging
with several firms to act as market makers in the overnight
session. That means they pledge to buy or sell a minimum
number of contracts at a specified difference between the bid
and ask prices at all times. Chicago Research & Trading has
already agreed to act as a market maker in the dollar index
futures contract.
   Last year, the Finex traded about 715,000 futures
contracts, 27% more than in 1990, and 1.4 million option
contracts.