World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Sink Again in Volatility Whipped
   By Lively `Derivatives' Market, Notably Futures
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
On Tuesday, the Nikkei index rose 275.68 points to close
the morning session at 21972.54.
   Monday's volume was lackluster at 180 million shares,
compared with 225.7 million shares Friday. Declines
outnumbered gains 905-74, with 115 issues ending unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which fell 39.25 points Friday, sank
40.32 points, or 2.43%, to 1619.84.
   Of the six trading days in Tokyo this year, Monday marked
the fourth in which the Nikkei moved more than 600 points.
The market at Monday's finish was down 1286.91 points from
its 1991 closing level.
   Trading was spiced by word of a police raid on the offices
of former State Minister Fumio Abe, who allegedly received
about 80 million yen ($630,800) in bribes from Kyowa, a
defunct steel-frame maker. "There's heightened concern that
more names {of politicians} will come out," said Dan O'Keefe,
research analyst at Merrill Lynch Japan. The prospect of
another scandal like the 1989 Recruit affair "kept a lot of
people on the sidelines," he said.
   Otherwise, the selling pressures were familiar:
liquidation of investment trusts by Japanese fund managers
keen to clear their books before the new fiscal year begins
in April; a shift to interest-bearing deposits before the
next interest-rate cut by the Bank of Japan; and
disappointment about the near-term outlook for corporate
profits.
   But all these influences have been around for weeks, so
why do stock prices continue to swing so much? Traders said
the volatility reflects a highly active "derivatives" market,
particularly for Nikkei futures, and an otherwise slow market
for stocks. Japanese derivatives also include Nikkei options,
and futures and options on the Topix, a broader market
measure.
   Nikkei futures are sold at a much lower commission than
stocks, and this makes them an attractive play for many
investors who have wearied of the high commission rates in
the cash market. "The same value exposure on the futures
market as a basket of 1,000 shares of each one of the stocks
in the Nikkei 225 will cost you one-sixth as much in
commissions," said Craig Chudler, research department
strategist at UBS Phillips  Drew International.
   Based on the value of underlying securities, Tokyo
stock-market derivatives trading in the past two years has
far outstripped daily activity in the cash market, where
turnover has declined sharply since the 1990 crash.
   One outcome has been an increase in the popularity of
arbitrage trading between the futures and cash markets. Large
securities companies marshal huge sums of cash to trade
blocks of each of the 225 stocks in the Nikkei, profiting on
gaps in value between the cash and futures markets. Foreign
securities houses such as Salomon Bros. Asia and Goldman
Sachs (Japan) are regarded as the masters of this strategy.
   In a low-volume cash market, exploiting such discrepancies
can represent a significant amount of daily activity,
analysts said. And the sheer size of these shares moving in a
single direction means big price swings.
   Japanese players continue to make up most of the futures
market, however. Fund managers find the futures market a
useful place to hedge their stock portfolios, particularly
given the poor trading volume in the cash market.
   "A fund manager who holds lots of equities may want to
sell, but he can't," for fear a large sale would lower the
value of his stock even before he could complete the
transaction, said Norio Yamaguchi, general manager of
investment strategy at ABN AMRO Securities (Japan) Ltd. "But
he can sell on the futures market."
   Futures also are attractive to brokerage houses trading
for their own accounts, noted Mr. O'Keefe of Merrill Lynch.
"Nobody's in the market for cash stocks," he said. "One way
for dealers to make money is to bet on the futures one way or
the other."
   But while the ability to hedge in the futures market may
lead to greater daily volatility in the stock market, in the
long run it takes pressure off the Nikkei average, analysts
said. "If we didn't have the futures market, the Nikkei might
be below 20000," Mr. Yamaguchi said. "Instead, we're near the
short-term bottom of the range."
   Nevertheless, the big price swings appear to worry
government regulators, who recently raised margin
requirements on some derivatives contracts. According to
Japanese news reports, regulators have considered raising
commission rates on futures transactions to bring them in
line with the cost of stock purchases. The reverse -- lower
commission charges on stocks -- is expected eventually, but a
quick deregulation of stock commissions would probably sink
many of Japan's smaller brokerage houses.
   "If {regulators} cut commissions, it would throw a lot of
brokers out of business," Mr. Chudler said, adding that "it
would {also} push the market up 5,000 points" as stocks
became relatively more attractive.
   Instead, "regulators are moving in the wrong way," he
said. "The futures market allows investors to hold their
{cash} positions and sell the market. Regulators should be
encouraging this."
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index rose 12.2 points to 2490.1, only slightly off the day's
high of 2491.6. The FT 30-stock index gained 14.7 points to
1888.9. Volume was 429.3 million shares, compared with 589.7
million shares in the previous session. Volume thinned on the
first day of the new two-week trading account.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index rose 6.96 points to
1622.67. Though some analysts believe the index could fall to
as low as 1400 in the current quarter, many German funds and
private investors consider current stock prices cheap and
have begun selective buying. Domestic buying was attributed
to growing speculation that Germany's central bank could soon
lower a benchmark interest rate if unions, which are
deadlocked over wage demands, settle for less than they
initially sought.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Pearson rose 9
pence, or 1.3%, to 727 pence ($13.02). The diversified
printing concern said that after a review of Mirror Group
Newspapers' finances, Pearson isn't interested in pursuing an
acquisition of the troubled media company.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % 1991
                                Jan 10    Jan 9     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ......................    387.7     390.2   + 26.4

 Canada ....................    404.3     403.4   + 10.2
 Japan .....................    955.3     981.2   -  3.9
 France ....................    518.9     516.9   + 22.3
 Germany ...................    247.9     245.2   +  9.9
 Hong Kong .................   3148.7    3133.3   + 44.9
 Switzerland ...............    212.7     211.4   + 26.0
 Australia .................    353.9     352.8   + 32.2
 World index ...............    524.5     536.4   + 13.6
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

 ISSUE (COUNTRY)                        CLOSE      % CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Norske Bank A. (Norway)                10.30      +51.5
 Ames Department Stores (U.S.)           1.50      +50.0
 Norske Bank A. Frie (Norway)           15.0       +50.0
 Norske Data A. (Norway)                 7.0       +40.0
 Amper (Spain)                         620.0       +37.8
 Fay Richwhite  Co. (N.Zealand)         0.880     +35.4
 Carter Hawley Hale Store (U.S.)         1.50      +33.3
 Shimura Kako (Japan)                 1630.0       +29.4
 Nobel Industrier (Sweden)               9.70      +29.3
 Pohjola A. (Finland)                   78.0       +27.9
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Greycoat (England)                      0.655     -38.8
 European Leisure (England)              0.050     -37.5
 Mountleigh Group (England)              0.070     -36.4
 Toyoda Automatic Loom (Japan)        1490.0       -32.3
 Sceptre Resources (Canada)              1.350     -20.5
 Crownx (Common) (Canada)                1.750     -20.5
 Armco (U.S.)                            4.50      -16.3
 Zanders Stamm (Germany)               210.0       -15.3
 Amec (England)                          1.50      -15.3
 Oryx Energy (U.S.)                     23.250     -13.1
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective