Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Climb 5.59 to New High,
   Aided by Favorable Inflation Data
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Thom R. Brown, managing director at Rutherford, Brown 
Catherwood, said the market isn't likely to sell off much for
now with so much money pouring into mutual funds and out of
low-yielding money market funds and maturing certificates of
deposit.
   The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended at 3209.53, a new
all-time high, up 5.59 points from Wednesday's close.
   The industrials plummeted to their lows in the afternoon
as bond prices slid. The Treasury's benchmark long bond ended
down about 1/4 point.
   The trouble in Treasurys came as rumors swept the market
that today's employment report for December would show
unexpected strength in the economy. Such news could keep
interest rates from falling further, analysts argued.
Although that might be bad news for bond buyers, it could
help stocks.
   Much of the recent stock market rally has been based on
expectations that the economy would show signs of strength
soon. Evidence of economic firming would help justify the
stock market's lofty levels in some investors' eyes.
   "We're counting on some gradual pickup in economic
activity," said John Bye, vice president of research at
Provident National Bank, Philadelphia, adding that short-term
interest rates are probably near their bottom.
   He said, however, that while stocks that are interest
rate-sensitive might react negatively to signs of economic
strength, stocks that are more economically sensitive should
do better and make up for any weakness elsewhere in the
market.
   Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index eased 0.49 to 417.61,
while the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index ended
unchanged at 230.23.
   Big Board volume was heavy again, totaling 291,780,000
shares, topping Wednesday's 289,690,000. Advancing stocks led
declining stocks, 1,014 to 783.
   Despite the rumors, today's jobs report is widely expected
to show that the economy deteriorated further in December,
with payroll employment having fallen by 74,000 jobs and the
unemployment rate having risen one-tenth of a percentage
point, to 6.9%.
   While most of the stock market rose yesterday,
transportation stocks were hit by profit-taking. The Dow
Jones Transportation Average tumbled 12.89 points to 1367.53,
largely because of selling in the airline group.
   UAL lost 2 1/2 to 150 1/2, Delta Air Lines fell 1 1/8 to
69 1/2 and USAir slid 1/2 to 13 3/4. AMR Corp. fell 2 to 71
3/8 after the company filed a plan to sell more than five
million shares to raise funds for working capital.
   Advanced Micro Devices topped the most-active list on
volume of more than 6.6 million shares. The stock eased 1/8
to 18 7/8 after trading higher for most of the day. The
company reported fourth-quarter profit of $1.17 a share,
compared with a loss of 55 cents a share a year earlier.
   Healthtrust surged 3 3/4 to 22 1/4. Merrill Lynch
initiated coverage of the company with a "buy" rating.
Merrill Lynch was the lead underwriter of the company's
initial public offering in mid-December of 40 million shares
priced at $14 each.
   Walt Disney rallied 5 1/2 to 128 after its chairman and
chief executive officer, Michael Eisner, said in the annual
report that he is "pretty sure" fiscal 1992 earnings will be
much better than 1991's.
   Time Warner surged 3 1/4 to 94 1/4. Wednesday, the company
said its Warner Bros. unit had 13.9% of the domestic box
office market in 1991, giving it the largest market share.
   J.P. Morgan, which reported strong fourth-quarter results,
fell 2 1/2 to 67 1/2. Analysts attributed the selling to
profit-taking after the report. The stock was trading at its
52-week high ahead of the earnings release.
   Chemical Banking rose 1 1/4 to 27 1/2. It reported that
fourth-quarter operating profit for the combined
Chemical/Manufacturers Hanover was $205 million, up from $3
million a year ago.
   Western Gas Resources lost 2 7/8 to 17 1/2. Prudential
Securities cut its rating on the stock to "sell" from "buy."
   Woolworth rallied 2 3/8 to 31 3/8. Wednesday, the company
said it would alter, close or sell 900 stores that haven't
met its financial objectives. Woolworth has more than 9,300
stores world-wide. It said the program will result in an
after-tax charge of about $250 million, or $1.92 a share,
against fourth-quarter earnings.
   Digital Equipment fell 3 to 56 1/2. The company is
expected to report the first operating loss in its history
when it releases its fourth-quarter results. Digital blames
the weakening world economy, and Europe in particular, for
its problems.
   Hewlett-Packard rose 2 to 60. The company plans to unveil
a new workstation at an unexpectedly low price.
   Wilshire Oil rose 1/4 to 8 1/4 after reporting a major oil
find in Wyoming. Enron Corp. rose 3/4 to 34 1/2 after
announcing that it will buy back two million common shares
under an existing stock-repurchase program.
   Pfizer rose 1 5/8 to 85 3/4. The company said its oral
Diflucan drug was found to be effective in treating
AIDS-related meningitis.
   Newell rose 2 5/8 to 49 3/8. The company asked a federal
court judge to dismiss an antitrust suit filed against it by
Stanley Works. Newell has proposed buying Stanley Works,
which rallied 1 7/8 to 43 1/4.
   GenCorp gained 5/8 to 12. The company reported that its
profit from continuing operations rose to 51 cents a share in
the fourth quarter from 49 cents a share a year ago.
   Foothill Group rose 1 3/8 to 7 1/8 after Mabon Securities
raised its rating on the stock to "buy" from "attractive."
   Family Dollar Stores gained 3 1/4 to 37 1/4 after
reporting that its same-store sales rose 17% in December.
   RAC Mortgage Investment rose 1 1/4 to 10 5/8. The company
said it doesn't expect the yield on its investments to drop
significantly because of the recent decline in interest
rates.
   Kaufman  Broad Home added 1/4 to 18 1/8. The home builder
said it expects 1992 profit to exceed the 80 cents a share it
earned a year earlier.
   Tyco Laboratories rose 1 1/8 to 38 3/4. The company won a
fiber optic cable contract from American Telephone 
Telegraph, the largest order ever for Tyco's Simplex wire and
cable unit.
   Ethyl Corp. dropped 1 1/8 to 25 1/4 after the
Environmental Protection Agency turned down the company's
request to sell a gasoline additive after the agency found it
would increase air pollution.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 4.09
to 407.57, another all-time high.