Ford Holds Down
   Escort Price, Extends
   Marketing Strategy
Ford will also offer four moderately equipped models of
the new Escort nationwide for $10,899, a $400 increase from
the current program. Ford currently offers a $500 rebate on
the car, bringing the effective price of the one-price Escort
to $9,999. The 1993 Escort probably will carry a rebate too,
but Ford officials aren't saying how big it will be.
   Despite the price increase, Ford officials said many
buyers will still pay less because of the expansion of the
one-price program, which offers savings of several hundred
dollars on certain models. Currently, the one-price program
is limited to selected regions.
   These Escorts are also hundreds of dollars cheaper than
some leading competitors. A similarly equipped Honda Civic
with a manual transmission costs between $11,135 and $12,040.
And Honda no longer sells a Civic station wagon, while the
Escort station wagon is the best bargain of the models
covered by the one-price offer. That is why the wagon has
accounted for 42% of sales in the regions now selling
one-price Escorts, but only 17% of sales in the areas still
using conventional pricing.
   Right now, the one-price Escorts make up 60% or more of
total Escort sales in the regions -- the West, Northeast and
Southeast -- using the program. The one-price Escorts include
air conditioning, a stereo and a manual transmission. Ford
also offers a one-price Escort equipped with automatic
transmission that currently costs $11,230, but its price is
rising $400, or 3.6%, when the 1993 Escorts arrive.