LVMH of France
   Posts 11% Increase
   In 1991 Net Income
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
LVMH proposed a per-share dividend of 68 francs, unchanged
from last year. However, the company noted that the actual
payout is up 10%, in light of a 1-for-10 free share issue in
September.
   The earnings result, which matched the company's previous
estimates, represented a slowdown from the 15% rise in 1990,
but the company noted that the Gulf War weighed heavily on
sales in the first few months of last year. The company's
sales rose steeply in the second half of 1991, up about 19%
in the last quarter.
   Operating profit from cognac and spirits rose 21% to 2.79
billion francs, while sales advanced 23% to 6.23 billion
francs. The company noted particularly strong growth in the
east Asian market.
   Champagne and wines business was less sparkling, with
operating profit slipping to 1.33 billion francs from 1.34
billion francs, even though sales climbed 7.8% to 5.55
billion francs. The recession in the U.S. and the U.K.
weighed heavily on sales.
   The group managed respectable results in both leather
goods and beauty products. LVMH noted positive results for
the Dune and Amarige perfumes produced by Parfums Christian
Dior and Parfums Givenchy, while results at Parfums Christian
Lacroix improved.
   Beauty product operating profit rose 38% to 636 million
francs, while sales advanced 4.7% to 4.87 billion francs.