Merrill Lynch Net
   Soared in Quarter
   To $170.7 Million
   ----
   By William Powers
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Fourth-quarter net surged to $170.7 million, or $1.46 a
share, from a depressed $30.3 million, or 23 cents a share, a
year earlier. Revenue rose 12% to $3.12 billion from $2.79
billion.
   "It's easy to get euphoric during very good times like
this," Merrill Chairman William A. Schreyer said. "But we're
not euphoric; we're realistic." Merrill has been criticized
in the past for overstaffing and overpaying its employees
during Wall Street's previous booms, and the firm's officials
are taking pains to avoid getting too giddy with the current
success.
   Merrill's results are the latest in a string of
blockbuster earnings reports from Wall Street brokerage
firms, including  Morgan Stanley Group Inc., Bear Stearns
Cos. and PaineWebber Group Inc. Even Salomon Inc., battered
by costs of its Treasury-auction bidding scandal, expects to
post earnings of more than $500 million for 1991, though
mainly as a result of profits early in the year, before the
scandal broke in August.
   Investors already were expecting good results for Merrill,
and despite the record numbers the company's stock dropped
$2.50 to $61.125 on the New York Stock Exchange. Other
brokerage stocks, most of which have taken huge leaps in
recent months, also eased.
   Even Merrill officials don't know whether their firm, and
Wall Street in general, will be able to keep up the
blistering earnings pace as the rest of corporate America
struggles. So much of Wall Street's profitability is tied to
changes in interest rates and investor psychology, each of
which could turn for the worse at any time.
   "We've all learned a long time ago not to project out 12
months," Mr. Schreyer said. "I think we're going to have
another good year, but at this point in the world in which we
live, well, it isn't like projecting the sale of shredded
wheat. There's no way to know."
   Merrill made its money in 1991 both in underwriting stocks
and bonds and in trading for itself and customers.
   It was the fourth consecutive year that Merrill was Wall
Street's biggest underwriter. Its investment banking revenue
surged 48% to $1.18 billion, falling just short of the 1988
record for the business.
   With more individual investors returning to the stock
market as interest rates plunged, Merrill's commission
revenue from selling stocks, mutual funds, annuities and
other products to customers rose 22% to $2.14 billion, the
highest level since the 1987 record. And Merrill generated
almost as much revenue, $1.89 billion, trading junk bonds,
stocks and other products for its own accounts. Its total
client assets increased 17% to a record $435 billion.
   But as with other profitable brokerage firms, Merrill's
costs jumped in 1991 along with its revenue. Compensation
expense rose 26% to $3.87 billion. Merrill noted, however,
that its employees always make more in healthy markets; when
trading volume rises, so do commissions paid to brokers and
bonuses for investment bankers. Compensation as a percentage
of net revenue remained steady at 53.3%, normal by Wall
Street standards.
   Merrill said its overall head count is down 700 from 1990
to 38,300 employees world-wide, even after adding 300 brokers
and investment bankers to deal with the increased business.
Daniel P. Tully, Merrill president, said the firm in 1992 and
beyond will have a "continued commitment to cost control and
therefore head count."
   Is Wall Street's success a leading indicator of the rest
of corporate America? Mr. Schreyer suggested it is.
   He and other Merrill officials said that Wall Street
already had its recession in the cost-cutting years after the
1987 stock-market crash. Now the securities industry is
reaping the benefits of leaner payrolls. "We're all going
through the pain; a lot of companies have," he said. "Given
any upturn in the economy, you'll see some amazing results
later in the year from a broad base of American companies."
   Merrill's biggest disappointment to analysts over the
years has been its mediocre performance as measured by return
on equity. Despite a goal of reaching at least 15% return,
Merrill's return was only 5.8% in 1990. But in 1991,
Merrill's return jumped to 20.8%, its highest since 1982.
Book value rose to $35.75 a share, up from $29.97 a year
earlier, Merrill estimated.
   Merrill's results showed how profit can gyrate from year
to year on Wall Street. Its net income for last year was 2
1/2 times the year-earlier's $191.9 million, or $1.59 a
share, earned during Wall Street's 1990 doldrums. Revenue
rose 11% to $12.36 billion from $11.15 billion.
   In the previous record year of 1988, Merrill earned $463.2
million-though it gave back half of those gains the following
year with a record loss of $213.4 million caused by the costs
of a major restructuring.