Money-Fund Assets
   Fall as Investors React
   To Declines in Yields
Assets of the 530 taxable funds tracked by the Ashland,
Mass., newsletter fell by $12.8 billion, to $494.8 billion.
Martha Wittbrodt, editor, said that $10.1 billion of the
outflow was from funds open only to institutions.
   Money-fund shareholders may have found open-market
investments more attractive. Treasury bills sold at Monday's
auction yielded more than 4%, and the stock market reached a
new high Tuesday.
   The average maturity of taxable funds' investments --
which include Treasury bills, commercial paper (short-term
corporate IOUs) and bank certificates of deposit -- remained
at 57 days, indicating that portfolio managers don't expect a
significant change in short-term interest rates any time
soon.
   The average seven-day simple yield on taxable funds eased
to 3.75% from 3.78% in the latest week, Donoghue's said. The
average 30-day simple yield slid to 3.80% from 3.84% and the
average 30-day compound yield declined to 3.87% from 3.91%.
   Yields on tax-free money funds also fell, and assets
declined. The average seven-day compound yield dropped to
2.57% from 2.66%, Donoghue's said. The latest yield is
equivalent to a taxable 3.57% for an investor in the 28% tax
bracket and to 3.73% for someone paying 31% in taxes.
   Assets of the 294 tax-exempt funds tracked by Donoghue's
shrank by $1.6 billion, to $98 billion. Average maturity
lengthened by one day to 52 days.