International:
   Russian Oil  Gas
   Appoints Two Firms
   To Aid Restructuring
The two banks didn't reveal the financial terms of the
arrangement. But the job of guiding the huge Russian energy
concern through the turbulent period ahead is considered one
of the most complex, but most significant, tasks Western
institutions will be undertaking for the collapsed
superpower.
   The two financial houses will likely find themselves
navigating their way through a minefield of economic and
political problems. "Energy is the one place where Western
firms are willing to come in," said Marshall Goldman, head of
Harvard University's Russian Research Center. "But there are
lots of problems -- like nobody knows who really has title to
things."
   Russian Oil  Gas was established last October in Moscow
by the owners of 47 production, exploration and service
companies. The company accounts for about 90% of the oil
output in the former Soviet Union. The enterprises brought
together under the company employ about 1.7 million people.
Big changes in the huge company, including staff reductions,
are likely.
   Despite a surge of interest from the world's oil giants,
few companies have actually come through with major
investments. Chevron Corp.'s proposed $1 billion investment
in Kazakhstan's oil industry was derailed when power shifted
from Moscow to the republic, which decided the terms of the
arrangement were too generous to Chevron. Talks are
continuing.
   Meanwhile, Russian officials are discussing a slew of
protocols and cooperative agreements with companies such as
Royal Dutch/Shell, Phibro Energy, British Petroleum and
Amoco.