Northwest Air Posts
   $79.2 Million Loss
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Asra Q. Nomani
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the year, Northwest had a loss of $3.1 million,
compared with a loss of $10.4 million in 1990. Revenue rose
3.8% to $7.53 billion from $7.26 billion.
   In a statement, John Dasburg, Northwest's president and
chief executive officer, blamed the losses on the Persian
Gulf War and the U.S. recession. Northwest, a closely held
firm, is required to release its results under Transportation
Department rules.
   Mr. Dasburg, as other airline chief executives have done
in recent days, indicated that he would prefer higher air
fares. "The most valuable lesson we learned as an industry
during this very difficult period may have to do with the way
we price our product," he said.
   The executive said that "the industry simply cannot
continue to price its product below cost." Mr. Dasburg sent a
strong signal that he would prefer higher fares to the
lucrative Asian markets, saying that "restoring rational
pricing -- especially in our key Pacific market" will be a
"top priority" for Northwest this year.
   Northwest is a unit of NWA Inc., which in turn is a unit
of Wings Holdings Inc. NWA posted a fourth-quarter loss of
$164.3 million, compared with a loss of $211.8 million a year
earlier.
   Meanwhile, Continental Airlines, the primary unit of
Continental Airlines Holdings Inc., posted fourth-quarter net
income of $10.2 million, which included a gain of $145
million associated with the sale of the Seattle-Tokyo route
authority. That gain was partially offset by $42.6 million of
Chapter 11-related charges. For the fourth quarter of 1990,
the airline had a loss of $1.3 billion.
   For the year, Continental's loss narrowed to $340.9
million from $1.2 billion in 1990. Revenue edged up to $5.4
billion from $5.3 billion. The year's loss included charges
for Chapter 11 filing, the liquidation of Eastern Airlines
and impairment of assets.
   Continental on Thursday filed a consensual reorganization
plan showing how the company will emerge from bankruptcy. The
company said it is benefiting from lower fuel prices, higher
traffic and load factors, internal cost controls, and better
revenue production and management.
   The carrier's parent posted fourth-quarter net of $4.4
million, or three cents a share, compared with a loss of $2.2
billion, or $52.37 a share, in the year-earlier period.
Revenue was flat at $1.38 billion. For the year, the company
posted a loss of $305.7 million, or $6.74 a share, on revenue
of $5.55 billion. That compares with a loss of $2.34 billion,
or $57.52 a share, on revenue of $6.23 billion in 1990. The
1990 results include $1.8 billion in nonrecurring charges.