Economy:
   Tracking the Economy
   ----
   By Andrew Sobel
Manufacturers and home builders are cranking up, but
consumers remain cranky, limiting economic growth, says
Sandra Shaber, economist with the Futures Group Inc. in
Washington.
   "Signs here and there tell us, yes we are indeed entering
a recovery. . . but so far, the improvement in economic
activity hasn't benefited consumers by providing more jobs or
more income.
   "At best, consumer spending will be a not-very-powerful
boost to recovery."
   Ms. Shaber expects this week's release of February retail
sales data to tell the story. January's decline in personal
income, particulary wage and salary income, restricted last
month's retail sales gain to a modest 0.3%, she estimates.
Excluding automobiles, retail sales probably rose a mere 0.1%
or 0.2%, she says.
   Ms. Shaber isn't particularly sanguine about the future
either. "Let's say we get a cyclical upturn in jobs. What's
not going to happen are sizable wage increases. Luckily, we
have low inflation. But wage rates may not even be keeping up
with 3% or 4% inflation."
   They may not have to. The Producer Price Index for
February, also scheduled for release this week, likely fell
0.1%, says Donald Ratajczak, director of the Economic
Forecasting Center at Georgia State University in Atlanta.
The February decline mainly reflects falling energy prices,
he says, somewhat offset by slightly rising food costs.
   ---

                                                                                                       

 ECONOMIC                 RELEASE    PREVIOUS  MMS CONSENUS
 INDICATOR     PERIOD      DATE       ACTUAL      FORECAST
                                                                                                       

 Retail Sales  February   March 12       +0.6%         +0.7%
                                                                                                       

 Initial       Week to    March 12     437,000       445,000
  Jobless      Feb. 29
  Claims
                                                                                                       

 Money         Week to    March 12       +$2.3     No change
  Supply: M1   March 2                 billion
                                                                                                       

 Money         Week to    March 12       -$1.5         +$0.3
  Supply: M2   March 2                 billion       billion
                                                                                                       

 Money         Week to    March 12      -$24.1         +$8.0
  Supply: M3   March 2                 billion       billion
                                                                                                       

 New-Car       Early      March 13         5.9           6.1
  Sales        March                   billion       million
  (ann. rate)
                                                                                                       

 Producer      February   March 13       -0.3%         +0.3%
  Prices
                                                                                                       

 Business      January    March 13       +0.4%         -0.2%
  Inventories
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                Statistics Released Last Week
                                                                                                       

 Construction Spend. (ann rate)   $404.1 billion
 January                                   +1.3%
                                                                                                       

 Personal Income (ann. rate)    $4,928.4 billion
 January                                   -0.1%
                                                                                                       

 Personal Spending (ann. rate)  $3,968.4 billion
 January                                   +0.2%
                                                                                                       

 Purchasing Mgrs. Survey                   52.4%
 February                                   +5.0
                                                                                                       

 Leading Indicators Index                  146.5
 January                                   +0.9%
                                                                                                       

 New-Home Sales (ann. rate)              612,000
 January                                  +12.9%
                                                                                                       

 Factory Orders                  $235.01 billion
 January                                   +0.4%
                                                                                                       

 New-Car Sales                           973,233
 February                                  +2.3%
                                                                                                       


 February                                   +0.2
                                                                                                       

 Nonfarm Payrolls                    108,897,000
 February                               +164,000
                                                                                                       

 *Change from February 1991
 Source: MMS International; NY,NY