Airlines' Traffic
   Fell 4.1% in 1991
   In First Drop Ever
   ----
   By G. Pierre Goad
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
ICAO said world passenger traffic fell to 1.815 trillion
revenue passenger kilometers in 1991 from 1.893 trillion
revenue passenger kilometers a year earlier. A revenue
passenger kilometer is one paying passenger carried one
kilometer.
   The agency said passenger capacity fell 1.7% to 2.75
trillion available seat kilometers from 2.798 trillion
available seat kilometers. Passenger load factor, or the
percentage of seats filled, was 66% in 1991, down from 68% in
1990.
   ICAO said that international passenger traffic fell 6% in
1991 to 840 billion revenue passenger kilometers from 894
billion revenue passenger kilometers a year earlier.
International passenger capacity fell 1.8% to 1.28 trillion
available seat kilometers from 1.303 trillion available seat
kilometers. Passenger load factor on international flights
was 66% in 1991, down from 69% a year earlier.
   ICAO said that airlines carried 1.13 billion passengers in
1991, compared with 1.16 billion passengers a year earlier.
The agency said airlines carried 262 million passengers on
international flights in 1991, compared with 280 million
passengers a year earlier.
   ICAO said airlines carried 17.3 million metric tons of
freight in 1991, compared with 18.3 million metric tons a
year earlier. The agency said airlines carried 8.4 million
metric tons of freight on international flights in 1991,
compared with 8.9 million metric tons a year earlier.
   ICAO said that its 1991 figures are preliminary estimates.
The 1990 statistics are final figures. The figures include
only scheduled flights flown by airlines based in ICAO's 164
member nations. ICAO, based here, is a United Nations agency
that regulates civil aviation.