World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Post First Gain in Three Days
   In Thin Trading; London Shares Also Firm
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
In Tokyo, the Nikkei index gained 153.62 points to close
at 20771.92. The index, which ended 1991 at 22983.77, lost
253.73 points Wednesday.
   In Tokyo Friday, the Nikkei rose 207.64 points to close
the morning session at 20979.56.
   Expectations of a further easing of Japanese monetary
policy were boosted by a report that money supply growth in
January hit a historic low of 1.8% a year. Nevertheless,
trading remained thin, with most investors staying on the
sidelines.
   Thursday's volume was estimated at a weak 190 million
shares, down from 205.1 million shares Wednesday. Advancers
outpaced decliners 499-394, with 213 issues unchanged. The
Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first-section issues, which
lost 11.69 points Wednesday, was up 2.79 points, or 0.18%, to
close at 1523.41.
   The market saw across-the-board declines in the electrical
sector early in Thursday's session, prompted by Toshiba's
downward revision of its earnings forecast. Toshiba shares
ended at their intraday low of 596 yen ($4.65), down 27 yen,
after the maker of electric machinery forecast a 60%
year-on-year plunge in unconsolidated pretax profit for the
year ending March 31. Green Cross gained 5 to close at 1,000
as it reported a 55% increase in net income in 1991 to 2.97
billion yen. The Japanese pharmaceutical maker's consolidated
pretax profit, however, slipped 12% to 6.2 billion yen, and
the company expects consolidated pretax profit for the
current fiscal year to be down 6.5%.
   In London, shares languished for most of the session after
an early morning surge was undercut by several disappointing
earnings releases.
   But a strong opening on Wall Street caught many dealers by
surprise and helped make London prices modestly firmer. By
the close of the London session, the Dow Jones Industrial
Average was up 31.31 points at 3261.63; it had been up nearly
40 points earlier in the day.
   London stocks' sluggishness is expected to continue until
after the announcement of the U.K. government's fiscal 1993
budget on March 10 and perhaps until after the general
election that must be held by midyear.
   The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index closed
6.7 points higher at 2543.4. The FT 30-stock index gained
14.1 to close at 1989.4. Volume was 593.6 million shares,
compared with 561.3 million a day earlier.
   Disappointment over first-half results from Glaxo, the
largest component of the FT-SE 100 index in terms of market
capitalization, drove the stock lower. Though the shares
recovered somewhat from their lows, they ended 10 pence lower
at 816 pence ($14.33).
   An early rise of more than 20 pence in Glaxo was wiped out
by the news of lower-than-forecast growth in sales of its
leading ulcer drug Zantac, coupled with fears that research
and development costs will erode 1992 profitability.
Investors largely overlooked the reported 14% improvement in
interim pretax profit.
   In Frankfurt, stock prices rose across the board in heavy
trading, with the DAX 30-stock index closing at 1703.18, up
15.39 points. The index began the year at 1577.98.
   Some warned against overreacting to the gains, saying they
were largely due to technical factors including today's
expirations of options on blue-chip stocks on the German
Futures and Options Exchange. Daimler-Benz, Germany's largest
industrial group and a stock that is heavily weighted in the
DAX, rose 11.40 to 746 marks ($454.19). The company said it
expects full-year net to be higher than a year earlier on an
11% sales gain. Mannesmann rose 3.10 to 278.90 despite
reporting that 1991 earnings were below the 1990 level on a
meager 1% sales gain. The machinery and engineering group
said new orders last year were basically flat at around 25
billion marks. Allianz ended up 12 marks at 2,306 marks just
before the holding company for Europe's largest insurance
group announced plans for a 1-for-12 issue of new shares in
April. The new shares, priced at 700 marks, are being issued
at a substantial discount from their trading price on the
Frankfurt stock exchange.
   In Hong Kong, shares dropped slightly in thin trading on
moderate profit-taking. The blue-chip Hang Seng Index fell
9.70 to 4716.00 after Wednesday's 21-point decline. The
broader Hong Kong Index eased 5.56 to 3079.14.
   Bank shares were expected to get a boost Friday from news
after the bourse's close that Hang Seng Bank's full-year
earnings rose a strong 28% to 2.81 billion Hong Kong dollars
(US$362.3 million). Most analysts had expected growth of
around 25%.
   Before the results were announced, Hang Seng's shares
eased 25 cents to HK$38.75, while those of its parent, HSBC
Holdings, which also holds Hongkong Bank, were unchanged at
HK$39.75.
   In Paris, share prices rallied strongly as analysts sent
out buy signals on a host of issues that have been neglected
in the recent doldrums. Au Printemps was a notable exception
to the market trend, giving up 45 francs to 862 francs
($154.19) a share after a French government attorney told the
Paris Appeals Court that it sees no fraud in a pending
takeover bid for two-thirds of the French retailer. Although
the government's statement isn't decisive-the judge will rule
on March 10 on the case-it apparently scared investors who
are betting that the court will require a bid for 100% of Au
Printemps.
   In Stockholm, shares closed lower in heavy trading on the
back of 1991 preliminary results from market giant Astra.
   The company's report of a 36% increase in pretax profit to
3.41 billion kronor ($572.1 million) was somewhat below
market expectations. Its forecast of a 20% to 25% rise in
sales and pretax profit for 1992 was also lower than
anticipated.
   Astra "B" unrestricted shares, which are the type most
widely traded internationally, were down 12 kronor to 558
kronor.
   ---
   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                    Feb 19   Feb 18    Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. .............................  382.0    381.0   - 2.1
 Britain ..........................  754.5    758.9   + 2.4
 Canada ...........................  400.4    401.1   + 1.2
 Japan ............................  874.0    887.8  - 11.7
 France ...........................  539.9    538.8   + 7.9
 Germany ..........................  261.7    262.5   + 7.6
 Hong Kong ........................ 3478.5   3503.0  + 12.4
 Switzerland ......................  220.0    221.3   + 7.3
 Australia ........................  345.9    346.9   - 1.5
 World index ......................  506.8    509.1   - 5.3