Credit Markets:
   30-Year Sale
   By U.S. Gets
   Poor Response
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Treasury's 30-year bond auction marked the completion
of a lackluster three-day, $36 billion quarterly refunding of
the federal debt. The refunding kicked off Tuesday with the
sale of $15 billion of three-year notes and continued
Wednesday with the sale of $11 billion of ten-year notes.
   The refunding "was a big disappointment for everyone,"
said William Sullivan, director of money market research at
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. Bond dealers on Wall Street, who
buy the bulk of the Treasury notes and bonds that are
auctioned by the government and then resell them to
investors, chalked up big losses because they were forced to
mark down prices sharply in an effort to lure buyers.
   The Treasury cut the size of yesterday's 30-year bond sale
by $2 billion from its previous auction in November, hoping
that with short-term interest rates down sharply, a shift to
greater short-term borrowing would reduce the government's
interest costs. In addition, the Treasury hoped that the
smaller supply of 30-year bonds would help to bring long-term
interest rates down further.
   But instead, long-term rates spurted ahead of the auction
and continued to climb after the auction was completed. The
Treasury sold the $10 billion of 30-year bonds at an average
yield of 7.91%. Although that was down from an average yield
of 8% at the previous 30-year bond auction Nov. 7, it was
sharply higher than recent yield levels.
   Bond prices opened lower yesterday after the Commerce
Department reported that retail sales were stronger in
January than many economists expected, the latest sign that
consumer spending may be picking up. Bond investors don't
generally like news of economic strength because they worry
that a strong economy will lead to higher inflation and
interest rates, trends that reduce the value of bonds.
   The market deteriorated further after the auction results
were released. Prices of existing 30-year Treasury bonds fell
as much as 1 1/2 points, or $15 for a bond with $1,000 face
amount. Later, bond prices rose slightly, ending about 1 1/4
points lower, with older 30-year bonds yielding 7.91% and the
new ones yielding 7.92%.
   The three-year and 10-year notes sold earlier in the week
also posted sharp losses. The yield on the new three-year
notes ended at 5.73%, up from the average auction yield of
5.54%. The yield on the new 10-year notes ended at 7.43%, up
from the 7.29% average at Wednesday's auction.
   Leonard Santow, a managing director at Griggs  Santow,
said this week's Treasury auctions have gone poorly because
investors "just don't have the courage to buy new bonds." He
noted that prices have been falling for a month as investors
increasingly perceived that the economy is recovering. They
also worry that proposed tax cuts could widen the already
yawning federal deficit, forcing the government to flood the
market with additional supply as it borrows still more money
to meet its spending needs.
   Instead of Treasury bonds, many fixed-income money
managers are buying corporate bonds and mortgage-backed
securities, which they consider less sensitive to the
economic cycle.
   Meanwhile, foreign investors, who have been big buyers of
Treasury bonds in recent years, now are bypassing U.S.
government bond sales because yields in other countries --
especially France, Britain and Germany -- are higher than in
the U.S.
   Yesterday's bond market decline took the yield on the
30-year bond to its highest level since early December. That
wiped out the effect of the big bond rally that was ignited
by the Federal Reserve's one percentage point cut in its
discount rate Dec. 20, which took long-term bond yields as
low as 7.39% in early January. The discount rate is the rate
the Fed charges on loans to member banks.
   Traders and dealers say the market's recent declines were
due to selling and price-cutting by dealers, not to sizable
selling by big institutional investors. Many of the market's
buy-and-hold type of investors say long-term interest rates
may drop and the bond market improve in the weeks and months
ahead.
   John Burris, head of trading at CRT Government Securities
Inc., said he expects additional buyers to enter the bond
market in the days ahead because yields "have backed up to
levels that investors consider attractive." He added: "This
is a good buying opportunity."
   Glen T. Insley, director of fixed-income management at One
Federal Asset Management, agrees. He was among the small
group of money managers purchasing the Treasury's new 10-year
notes yesterday, saying he believes that bond prices will
rise in the weeks and months ahead. Mr. Insley says he isn't
convinced that the economy will soon recover and believes
that, once the focus of the market shifts away from supply,
interest rates will start to decline again.
   The bidding at yesterday's 30-year bond auction was below
average, as measured by the bid-to-cover ratio. The Treasury
received bids totaling $20.62 billion and accepted $10.01
billion, for a bid-to-cover ratio of 2.06-to-1. The average
bid-to-cover ratio for the 12 previous auctions was
2.42-to-1, according to Maria Ramirez Capital Consultants
Inc.
   Noncompetitive tenders, which come mainly from small and
midsized institutions and from individuals, totaled just $376
million, down from $937 million at the previous refunding in
November.
   But dealers say the numbers didn't show how badly Wall
Street was hurt by the government's quarterly refunding. "The
dealers who underwrote this refunding pretty much found
themselves under water almost immediately after each
auction," said Denise Cumby, a managing director at Salomon
Brothers Inc. However, she said that modest buying by
investorsmutual funds, pension funds and other large
investors -- materialized later, after prices reached the
lowest levels of the day.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended sharply lower after dealers marked down
prices to try to clear out a huge amount of new notes and
bonds auctioned this week by the government.
   The price of the Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond was
quoted late at a price of 100 28/32 to yield 7.91%, compared
with 102 3/32 to yield 7.81% Wednesday. The bond has lost
more than six points, or $60 for a bond with a $1,000 face
amount, in five weeks. The price of the bond peaked at 107
5/32 on Jan. 7.
   The Treasury's 10-year notes ended at 100 20/32 to yield
7.39%, compared with 101 13/32 to yield 7.28%, and the
three-year notes ended at a price of 99 10/32 to yield 5.73%,
compared with 99 26/32 to yield 5.55%.
   Prices started to decline early in the session after a
string of economic reports came out stronger than expected.
The government reported that retail sales rose 0.6% in
January after rising 0.1% in December. Economists had
expected a smaller rise. Initial claims for state employment
insurance fell 13,000 in the latest reporting week, while the
total number of state unemployment benefit recipients was
unchanged on the week. Claims had been expected to rise
marginally.
   Throughout the session, car makers reported figures
showing that cars manufactured in the U.S. set a 6.4 million
seasonally adjusted annualized sales pace. That was higher
than the 5.8 million unit rate most analysts had expected and
the 6.1 million rate of late January.
   Investors will get some news about inflation today when
the Labor Department releases the January producer price
index. The PPI, a measure of inflation on the wholesale or
producer level, is expected to show a 0.1% decline. Excluding
the volatile food and energy components, PPI is expected to
be up 0.3%, according to a consensus of economists surveyed
by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report.
   Also due out today is the January industrial production
report, which is expected to show a decline of 0.5%, compared
with a 0.2% drop in December.
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it.
                                                                                                       

                 29-Year, Nine-Month Bonds
                                                                                                       

    Applications ..................   $20,623,811,000
    Accepted bids .................   $10,005,145,000
    Accepted at low price .........               29%
    Accepted noncompetitively .....      $376,000,000
    Average price (Rate) ..........   100.986 (7.91%)
    High price (Rate) .............   101.101 (7.90%)
    Low price (Rate) ..............   100.757 (7.93%)
    Interest rate .................                8%
    CUSIP number ..................         912810EL8
   The bonds are dated Feb. 18, 1992, and mature Nov. 15,
2021.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   The sell-off in government securities rippled through the
corporate bond market, forcing American Express Co. to delay
a $300 million offering of 30-year bonds.
   Bruce Lakefield, senior executive vice president at Lehman
Brothers, the American Express subsidiary that was
underwriting the bond issue, said the company decided to
postpone the deal because of market conditions that have
caused yields to rise sharply.
   "American Express was not willing to come to the
marketplace at any price," said Mr. Lakefield. With the sharp
declines in the U.S. Treasury market, he said, "the yield
requirements and targets set by American Express were no
longer achievable in the marketplace."
   In trading, prices of some actively traded
investment-grade corporate bonds plunged more than one point.
In the junk bond market, prices ended 1/4 to 3/8 point lower.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Prices of tax-exempt bonds ended unchanged to about 1/2
point lower.
   Among the issues, the Broward County, Fla., 5.5% issues of
2012 finished 1/2 lower at 88 to yield 6.55%.
   In limited new-issue activity, a First Boston Corp. group
placed the winning bid for an offering of $219.04 million
Wisconsin general obligation bonds. The double-A-rated bonds
are priced to yield from 3.00% in 1993 to 6.60% in 2011 and
2012.
   An unsold balance of about $55 million was reported late
in the session.
   No sizable municipal bond issues are expected to be priced
today.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities ended lower.
   In secondary trading, Government National Mortgage
Association 7.5% securities for March delivery fell 18/32 to
96 22/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 7.5%
securities dropped 21/32 to 96 1/32 and Federal National
Mortgage Association 7.5% securities slumped 21/32 to 95
27/32.
   No new real estate mortgage investment conduit deals were
announced.
   Still, the Remic calendar has been and remains "very
strong," and consequently the "technicals are very good" for
the mortgage securities that dealers buy to collateralize
those deals, said Richard Schwartz of New York Life Insurance
Co.