Helene Curtis Posts
   63% Earnings Gain
   For Latest Quarter
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Helene
Curtis shares dropped $2.125 to close at $37.375.
   Analyst Bonita Austin of Wertheim Schroder & Co. said
investors may have "overreacted" to the latest period's
results. Helene Curtis's stock is largely traded by "momentum
players," she said, who jump on "positive surprises" in
earnings but will quickly sell their shares when results
aren't as strong.
   In recent quarters, Helene Curtis has enjoyed strong
earnings gains, in part because it no longer is burdened by
heavy outlays associated with the introduction of new
products in 1990. Wertheim's Ms. Austin speculated that some
investors may be scared that a new product the company
introduced in November -- a brand of shampoos and
conditioners called Vibrancemight require similar heavy
expenditures.
   But the analyst said the "trends are still in place" for a
strong year. Helene Curtis, she said, has "good sales gains
in a bad U.S. environment," and that the company "isn't
overspending."
   The company said results were helped by "strong growth" in
international markets, and "substantial" sales increases for
Degree and Suave antiperspirant/deodorant. Its Finesse and
Salon Selectives products also "continue to gain market
share," Helene Curtis said.