Thomson McKinnon
   Unit's Ex-Official
   Agrees to SEC Bar
The SEC alleged that Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc.
wasn't in compliance with net capital rules from the end of
1988 through June 1989.
   The SEC said Mr. Shapiro designed and/or implemented a
banking transaction between the securities unit and its
parent involving a daily transfer of funds from the parent to
the unit; the transfer -- which the SEC said was a check
backed by no funds -- was an amount equal to the amount of
funds in the unit's commodity customer segregated account.
The unit then withdrew federal funds from the account equal
to the deposit it maintained on its segregated account, which
the SEC said amounted to an unsecured loan rather than an
intercompany transaction. The federal funds were wired to
offset the previous day's check from the parent.
   Thomson McKinnon Inc. began liquidating the company in
mid-1989, and the parent filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection in June 1990.
   John Sturc, a Washington, D.C., attorney for Mr. Shapiro,
said "It is important to note that this complaint doesn't
allege that anyone was defrauded or that anyone was injured.
In fact, no one was." He said the transactions "had nothing
to do with Thomson's ultimate decision to go out of
business."
   He added, "Mr. Shapiro isn't in the securities business
any longer, and therefore we determined that he was best
served by resolving this matter and pursuing his career."