Consumers Union
   Sues PaineWebber,
   Former Official
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt and Lourdes Lee Valeriano
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The suit, filed in U.S. District Court in the Southern
District, said PaineWebber imposed "undisclosed grossly
excessive markups, commissions and fees, which were in no way
reasonably related to the fair market prices of the
securities purchased or sold." And, it alleged, the broker
paid illegal bribes and kickbacks to Mr. Granston.
   The bulk of the transactions involved the purchase and
sale of government mortgage-backed securities. PaineWebber
said the Consumers Union lawsuit against it is "totally
without merit." It said it will contest the allegations
"vigorously in court." It added that Consumers Union, which
contacted the company last March, "has not provided
PaineWebber with any evidence that would support Consumers
Union's claim that Mr. Granston obtained kickbacks from the
former PaineWebber employee during 1986 to 1988."
   The securities firm said it has "tried to resolve this
matter directly" with Consumers Union and "is obviously
disappointed that Consumers Union is now seeking to
adjudicate the issue in the court."
   Neither Messrs. Granston nor Feminella could be reached
for comment.
   Consumers Union last June reached a settlement with
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., a unit of American Express
Co., in which the brokerage firm -- which employed Mr.
Feminella from September 1988 to March 1991 -- refunded
compensation, interest and expenses relating to other
transactions.
   Consumers Union said the circumstances of the securities
trades are currently under criminal investigation by the U.S.
attorney's office in New York.