OTC Focus:
   Eskimo Pie Offer Looks Yummy to Some,
   Who Like Price Compared With Rivals'
   ----
   By Anne Newman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"I don't really like Eskimo Pies," says Carlene Murphy, a
portfolio manager for the Strong Funds of Milwaukee. Yet she
finds the offering attractive at its proposed price. Eskimo
Pie, with earnings of $1.13 a share in 1991, will go public
at just 13 times profit. By contrast, Ben  Jerry's Homemade
Inc. Class A shares sell at about 30 times the past year's
earnings; Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream trades at about 29 times
profit.
   In the offering, Reynolds Metals Co. is selling its entire
84% interest in Eskimo Pie. Reynolds and its predecessors
snapped up a controlling interest in Eskimo Pie in 1924, just
three years after founder Christian K. Nelson created the
popular chocolate-covered ice cream bar. Mr. Nelson died two
weeks ago at the age of 98 after watching his product make
culinary history by inspiring legions of frozen imitations.
   Eskimo Pie, based in Richmond, Va., is still a tiny
company. After the offering, planned at $14 to $16 a share,
it will have only 3.3 million shares outstanding. Reynolds is
selling 2,788,589 shares for $41.8 million; other insiders
are selling 148,500 shares; 250 existing stockholders will
own the remaining 11%. Underwriter Wheat First Securities
Inc., also of Richmond, has the option to sell 293,709 more
shares within 30 days, with Eskimo Pie getting an estimated
$4.4 million from that sale.
   Eskimo Pie last week paid a $15 million dividend, or $4.52
a share, to holders of record as of Feb. 28, netting Reynolds
$12.6 million. The dividend will eliminate the company's
nearly $13 million in cash and also boost long-term debt to
27% of total capital. The payout, however, was part of a
successful bid Eskimo Pie management made to Reynolds to take
the company public, rather than sell it as Reynolds had
planned. In January, Reynolds simultaneously broke off talks
with Nestle U.S.A. Inc. for the sale of the unit and
announced the offering.
   The company's survival skills impress John Ballen, manager
of the MFS Lifeline Emerging Growth Fund of Boston, who
recalls the "ice cream wars" of the 1980s. Among more than
400 brands now, no single item has more than an 8% market
share. Eskimo Pie ranks third with 5.3% (Popsicle reigns with
7.6%) and together with the company's Welch's fruit juice
bars and frozen Heath bars, accounts for 7% of sales of all
novelty frozen foods. "Investors have to realize it's a very
difficult, almost faddish market area," Mr. Ballen cautions.
   In 1985, Eskimo Pie embarked on a plan to strengthen its
position in frozen desserts. It appealed to health-conscious
consumers with new sugar-free products. It also pared some of
its more than 100 licensees, mostly dairy producers, leaving
a much smaller group of large producers with distribution
muscle in regional territories. In 1991, the top five
accounted for more than 50% of net sales. The strategy
worked, but leaves the company vulnerable to the loss of any
large licensee.
   Eskimo Pie's profits have fluctuated. In 1989, a new line
of sugar-free products helped boost sales 27% to $46.7
million; profit more than doubled to $2.4 million, or 73
cents a share, from $1.1 million, or 32 cents a year earlier.
But 1990 was a stickier year: Sales edged up just 1% to $47.2
million and profit rose to just 76 cents a share. In 1991,
sales and profit took off again. Helped by the new frozen
Heath bar and a big price boost to licensees, sales jumped
29% to more than $60.9 million.
   The company plans more new products this year, including a
"fat-free" Eskimo Pie due for regional testing. Costs may
fall when the patent expires for an ingredient it uses.
Although some investors expect 1992 profit to exceed last
year's, Standard  Poor's analyst Robert Natale fears
earnings could slip to $1 a share because of higher interest
expense tied to the one-time dividend. Nonetheless, he
considers the proposed offering price a cool deal.
   ---
   Friday Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   Stocks eased, ending a three-session winning streak.
Volume was boosted by several initial public offerings.
   The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 1.68 to 624.28, a 0.27%
loss, but OTC volume rose to 191.5 million shares from 190
million Thursday. Declining issues edged out advancers, 1,085
to 1,042. For the week, the Nasdaq Index edged up 0.9%,
compared with a 1.2% rise in the Dow Jones Industrial
Average.
   Among new issues, Bisys Group was the day's most active
OTC stock as 3.2 million shares changed hands. Bisys, which
provides data processing to banking institutions, closed
unchanged at its offering price of $11 a share.
   Newly public Schuler Homes leaped to 20 3/4 from an
offering price of $15.50 a share. The Honolulu developer of
residential property in Hawaii sold 4.5 million shares.
Chronimed closed at 7 1/4, up from its initial offering price
of $6 apiece. Chronimed, which distributes drugs and medical
products by mail order, offered 2,350,000 shares, including
350,000 shares sold by existing holders.