Lyonnaise des Eaux
   Sees '91 Profit Slide
   Of as Much as 20%
Lyonnaise des Eaux didn't give any figures for the "large"
provisions it said it expects to take against 1991 earnings
to cover potential losses in three areas. It did say that the
provisions would be partly offset by capital gains realized
in 1991 as part of its refocusing on key businesses.
   Lyonnaise des Eaux said its construction business was
affected by a slump in the leisure sector and by the
postponement of a number of large-scale development projects.
   Unrecoverable losses on a number of French public works
contracts are also a factor, Lyonnaise des Eaux said. These
may include losses incurred on the group's work on the
English Channel tunnel, but a final decision will depend on
the outcome of a dispute between Eurotunnel, the project's
coordinator, and the group of contractors building the rail
link.
   Other provisions are being made against losses incurred by
United Westburne, a Canadian unit specializing in electrical
equipment distribution. The unit was hit by the recession in
North America.
   Analysts said they weren't surprised at the news from
Lyonnaise des Eaux, noting that although the group's 1991
first-half profit showed an increase of 23% to 697 million
francs from 567 million francs in the like 1990 period, this
largely reflected capital gains.
   The group's 1991 first-half operating profit fell 25% to
859 million francs from 1.15 billion francs.