Who's News:
   Jordan, a Monetariast,
   Appointed President
   Of the Cleveland Fed
The appointment represents a comeback of sorts. A decade
ago, Mr. Jordan was a strong candidate to become president of
the Atlanta Fed until then-Fed Chairman Paul Volcker blocked
the move.
   Mr. Jordan is among the economists who argue that the
money supply is the most important determinant of economic
growth, a view that has ebbed and flowed at the Fed. Lately,
he has been more optimistic about the strength of the economy
than some other forecasters.
   Unlike the three most recent appointments to Fed
presidencies, Mr. Jordan has spent most of his career outside
the Federal Reserve system. From 1967 to 1975, however, he
was on the staff of the St. Louis Fed, a bastion of
monetarist thought. He later served as one of President
Reagan's economic advisers.
   Mr. Jordan immediately becomes one of the five regional
Fed bank presidents with a vote on monetary policy this year
and will participate in the Fed policy makers' next scheduled
meeting on March 31. The appointment was made by the
private-sector directors of the Cleveland Fed and ratified by
the Fed board in Washington.
   Mr. Jordan succeeds another monetarist economist, Lee
Hoskins, who resigned last year to become president and chief
executive officer of Huntington National Bank in Columbus,
Ohio. Mr. Hoskins was the Fed's most prominent advocate of
reducing the inflation rate to zero.