What's News --
   Business and Finance
Bond prices tumbled on the report, while stocks ended
mixed and the dollar advanced. Long-term Treasury bonds
declined about 1 1/8 points. The Dow Jones industrials gained
7.60.
   ---
   Wellcome PLC's stock sank 5.3% after the charitable
Wellcome Trust said it plans to sell a big chunk, perhaps
nearly 50%, of the British drug maker's shares in an offering
that could fetch almost $9 billion. The timing of the sale
wasn't disclosed.
   ---
   Law firm Kaye Scholer was accused by thrift regulators of
aiding misconduct by its client Lincoln SL. The federal
suit, which freezes the firm's assets, seeks $275 million.
Three partners were also sued.
   ---
   Bentsen drafted a tax bill that parallels Bush's but also
includes higher taxes on the rich, which the president
opposes. The Senate Finance Committee is to take up the bill
today.
   ---
   Chrysler was prepared over a year ago to name Roger Penske
to succeed Iacocca but the entrepreneur and exauto racer
backed out when Iacocca decided to stay on to groom him.
   ---
   Honda cars assembled in Canada can't get duty-free
treatment when imported into the U.S., the Customs Service
ruled, making Honda liable for almost $17 million in back
duties.
   ---
   Goodyear plans to sell its brand of tires to Sears, in a
departure for the tire maker that could undermine the loyalty
of its independent dealers.
   ---
   Ecolab plans to dispose of its unprofitable ChemLawn unit,
five years after buying it. Ecolab's stock price soared
$7.125 to $34 on the news.
   ---
   Equitable Life posted a 1991 loss of $898 million, using
generally accepted accounting methods for the first time
before converting to stock ownership.
   ---
   Digital Equipment is offering an early-retirement program
to 7,000 U.S. employees in a continuing effort to reduce the
computer maker's staff.
   ---
   GE Chairman John Welch said the giant company can no
longer tolerate autocratic managers. The new policy,
disclosed yesterday, led to the ouster of several executives
last year.
   ---
   ATT has made settlement offers in an apparent bid to head
off suits by disgruntled investors in a pay-phone venture
that sold ATT equipment.
   ---
   Integrated Resources got a takeover bid from Steinhardt
Management. The investment firm offered $237 million for the
onetime real estate concern, which is in Chapter 11.
   ---
   Child World is delaying payments to its trade creditors
while the troubled toy retailer seeks new equity.
   ---
   A foreign company with no office, employees or agents in
New York can still be sued in the state if it maintains a New
York bank account through which it moves substantial sums, a
federal judge ruled.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks advanced in thin trading. The Nikkei index
rose 149.01 points to 21487.82. London shares fell.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 180,380,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3275.27, up 7.60; transportation 1443.01, up 14.76; utilities
204.99, off 0.63.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4197.11, off 41.03.
   Commodities: Oil $18.34 a barrel, off 34 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.94, up 0.23; spot index 118.59, up 0.14.
   Dollar: 129.65 yen, up 0.15; 1.6435 marks, up 0.0045;