International:
   Fokker and Unit
   Of Daimler-Benz
   Discuss Jet Venture
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Fokker, however, hinted that the talks with the
Daimler-Benz AG unit could result in more than just further
cooperation on one project and instead lead to a strategic
alliance designed to ensure both aerospace groups remain
players in the highly competitive aerospace industry.
   "It is a common understanding of the parties that a
restructuring of the European regional aircraft industry has
to take place to ensure profitability and competitiveness,"
Fokker said.
   The German aerospace company confirmed the talks, but
emphasized that no decisions have been made.
   The two companies already cooperate on the 100-seat F-100
jetliner and Fokker has said it would like to keep the
consortium in place for new aircraft. Fokker is looking to
add both a 70-seat and a 130-seat aircraft to its product
line.
   Deutsche Aerospace, meanwhile, has plans to launch a
regional jetliner of its own. The company is considering
models ranging from 80 to 130 seats.
   While a strategic alliance may be in the offing, Dutch
analysts said it was unlikely that it would result in Fokker
being swallowed up by Deutsche Aerospace, even though the
German company is significantly larger.
   In October, Fokker said it would likely make a share issue
of 500 million guilders ($267.8 million) in the first half of
1992 to help fund the 70-seat jetliner project. Fokker
yesterday said that if such a share issue goes forward, it
wouldn't occur before the end of April.