College Bound Inc.
   Replaces Its Auditor
   With Andersen Firm
A representative for College Bound said, "The issue of how
effectively can one person do due diligence leaves you open
to questions and the company has gotten big enough that it
doesn't want to leave itself open to those questions."
   Controversy over the company's accounting has focused on
its deferral of certain expenses and the aggressive
recognition of revenue, both of which tend to maximize
earnings. College Bound has said its accounting follows
generally accepted principles.
   Gordon K. Goldman, the New York accountant whom the
company replaced, said that although he had retained
additional help to assist him on the account, College Bound
was "criticized for using a small accounting firm, given the
extent of their growth. I can understand to protect
themselves and to fend off additional criticism they had to
do what they had to do."
   College Bound has acknowledged that it is under
investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission. In
SEC filings, College Bound said the agency in 1991 began an
inquiry focusing on a sharp increase in its stock price
during February and March 1991. An attorney for the company
confirmed yesterday that the inquiry has broadened to other
areas.