What's News --
   Business and Finance
Shareholders would gain the right to vote on proposals
related to the pay of corporate executives, under a likely
reversal in policy by the SEC. Companies, however, wouldn't
be bound by the results of such votes.
   ---
   The index of leading indicators fell 0.3% in December, the
second drop in a row and the third in four months. The
decline suggests the economy won't turn around until after
spring. Meanwhile, sales of single-family homes were down
6.6% in December.
   ---
   The Treasury moved back the effective date of Bush's plan
to end the deferral of taxes on income from most annuities
sold to individuals. The shift, announced after insurance
stock prices sank on news of the plan, could cause a surge in
annuity sales.
   ---
   General Dynamics reported a $166 million fourth-quarter
profit, reversing a year-earlier loss. The defense contractor
indicated it will consider action after the current quarter
to put cash in the hands of shareholders.
   ---
   Citicorp won a court decision up holding the dismissal of
a suit by shareholders who contended that allegedly
insufficient provisions for losses constituted securities
fraud. Many other banks face similar suits.
   ---
   Cable television rates for basic service would be
regulated under a bill passed 73-18 by the Senate. The
measure also would seek to foster competition for cable
operators. The White House opposes the legislation.
   ---
   American Express began an ad campaign attacking rival
Visa's claim that American Express's card won't be accepted
at the Olympics. The in-the-trenches ad strategy is a
departure for American Express.
   ---
   Shell Oil posted a $23 million fourth-period loss, citing
low energy prices and several one-time charges. Revenue fell
24%. Shell said it is intensifying a cost-reduction program.
   ---
   Abbott Labs won the FDA's approval to sell Omniflox, an
antibiotic expected to improve Abbott's position in the
pharmaceutical market.
   ---
   Boeing plans to slash production of its 737 model by a
third in October, reflecting a lack of interest among
airlines in the small jetliner.
   ---
   AnnTaylor named Sally Frame Kasaks, its former president,
to be chairman of the apparel retailer.
   ---
   Germany's BMW is looking at sites in the U.S. for a
possible factory for the luxury auto manufacturer.
   ---
   Salomon's junk-bond chief and two other veteran officials
quit the firm in a continuing stream of departures.
   ---
   Stock prices dropped while bond prices climbed. The Dow
Jones indus trials slipped 21.47 points to 3223.39. Treasury
bonds rose about 3/8 point.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 197,060,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3223.39, off 21.47; transportation 1354.26, off 14.01;
utilities 210.38, off 0.75.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4212.00, up 11.56.
   Commodities: Oil $18.90 a barrel, off four cents. Dow
Jones futures index 122.73, off 0.03; spot index 117.36, up
1.76.
   Dollar: 125.78 yen, up 0.03; 1.6115 marks, off 0.0050.