What's News --
   Business and Finance
Stock prices tumbled because the Fed didn't immediately
ease credit Friday. The Dow Jones industrials declined 30.19
points to 3225.40. The dollar fell on the weak jobs data.
   ---
   National banks don't have the authority to sell insurance
in small towns, a federal appeals court ruled. The decision,
which went further than even the insurance industry expected,
is likely to set off a legislative battle between banks and
insurers.
   ---
   An American Cyanamid official faces a federal criminal
probe of allegations of drug-data tampering. The FDA has
suspended the company's applications to sell new animal
drugs. The probe comes amid concern about the agency's
ability to detect fraud.
   ---
   The Bush administration and congressional Republicans put
forth alimited tax-cut plan that includes a more generous
capital-gains tax cut than the president recommended.
   ---
   Caterpillar is ending a three-month lockout of some
workers and is asking union officials to return to the
bargaining table to consider a revised contract proposal from
the company.
   ---
   Chrysler is trying to sell at least $400 million in
convertible preferred stock to institutions, taking advan
tage of a 60% rise in the car maker's share price since
mid-December.
                                                                                                       

   General Motors expects to sharply reduce its losses this
year in North American auto operations even if the car market
remains depressed.
   ---
   OPEC members are expected to agree this week on further
output cuts to prevent an oil glut in the spring.
   ---
   Peat Marwick, Deloitte  Touche, Bear Stearns and other
defendants agreed to pay $77.5 million to settle a securities
fraud case stemming from the Wedtech scandal, lawyers said.
   ---
   Minolta Camera infringed two Honeywell patents for
autofocus camera technology, a federal jury found. The jury
ordered the Japanese company to pay $96 million to Honeywell.
   ---
   BankAmerica's merger with Security Pacific could be
impeded by a bill pending in Washington state.
   ---
   Salomon promised most of its investment bankers a 15%
increase in their bonuses at the end of 1992 in an effort to
stem a wave of defections, said people familiar with the
plan.
   ---
   An Oregon company said it found an inexpensive way to
allow liquid-crystal screens to display color video.
   ---
   Motorola and Northern Telecom plan to announce a venture
to sell cellular telephone network equipment in North America
and other markets.
   ---
   Mexican, Canadian and U.S. negotiators met to try to
revive stalled talks on a free-trade accord, but the
discussions were said to remain deadlocked on all fundamental
issues.
   ---
   Dow Corning agreed to release a second set of documents
related to the safety of silicone breast implants.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 230,950,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3225.40, off 30.19; transportation 1383.22, off 8.97;
utilities 206.25, off 1.56.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4228.93, up 3.77.
   Commodities: Oil $19.87 a barrel, up 37 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.47, off 0.11; spot index 118.61, up 1.22.
   Dollar: 125.30 yen, off 0.43; 1.5585 marks, off 0.0185.