Saving the Banks:
   America's Banking Dinosaurs
   ----
   By George M. Bollenbacher
In order to say anything significant about optimal bank
size, therefore, it's necessary to divide banks into
categories. In a study conducted at IBM, I divided America's
12,000 or so banks into four groups: Very Small ($10 million
to $50 million in assets), Small ($50 million to $500
million), Medium ($500 million to $5 billion) and Large (more
than $5 billion). As of Sept. 30, there were about 5,500
banks in each of the Very Small and Small categories, more
than 500 in the Medium, and slightly more than 100 in the
Large. We then evaluated each of these categories according
to several measures of banking efficiency.
   The first measure, shown in the first chart, was average
return on equity, both over the 12 months from Oct. 1, 1990
to Sept. 30, 1991, and over the past five years. Not
surprisingly, the return on equity of the Very Small banks
was low, less than 7% for all time periods. More
surprisingly, the Large category barely outperformed the Very
Small category in return on equity over the previous 12
months, although the difference was larger over the past five
years. The Medium category did best, eking out a double-digit
performance over the past five years. All in all, it is clear
that, on a return-on-equity basis, bigger isn't necessarily
better.
   The situation is similar with regard to return on assets,
as shown in the second chart. The Small banks had a
significantly better return on equity than all other
categories, and the Large category once again just barely
beat the Very Small.
   The unavoidable conclusion is that there is no profit
magic in large size. That, of course, is counter to all the
theories about bank consolidations, but completely in step
with empirical results, as measured by net interest margins.
   Net interest margin gauges the earnings power of a balance
sheet. For those bankers who regard their business as
primarily taking deposits and lending money, net interest
margin is perhaps the key performance variable. The three
smaller categories are clustered around 4.20%. The Large
category is significantly lower at 3.70%. More evidence that
bigger isn't necessarily better.
   The normal explanation for a lower net interest margin is
more intense competition, which serves to squeeze profit
margins. Logic would tell us that larger banks, in more urban
markets, should face more intense competition, while the
smallest banks, primarily in rural markets, should face the
least competition. However, increased competitiveness in a
market should be evidenced by a reduced asset yield and a
higher cost of deposits; instead, the competitive environment
of all categories is very similar, and the competitive
position improves slightly as size increases. Money is,
apparently, now an electronic commodity. Its ready
availability everywhere has pretty much eliminated the
competitive differences of regional asset and deposit
markets.
   Taken together, the evidence of net interest margins and
the data on competition is contradictory. The net interest
margins figures imply that the competitive position of the
Large banks is better; the competition data imply that it is
worse. The third chart offers a potential solution to the
dilemma, by measuring the elimination of excess capacity. The
assumption here is that larger banks should have lower
overhead than smaller ones. The graph shows overhead as a
percent of average earning assets for all categories.
   The most obvious observation is that, with the exception
of the Very Small banks, overhead as a percentage of assets
increases as the size of the banks increases. Clearly, the
ability of the Large banks to achieve economies of scale has
suffered recently. Perhaps it is taking longer to realize the
benefits of some of the recent mergers, or perhaps some of
the benefits of such mergers are illusory.
   But what has caused the higher overhead for the Large
banks? Assets per branch rise geometrically across the size
categories, and revenue per employee rises linearly. The key
measure, however, seems to be assets per employee. Here there
is the same rising trend until we get to the Large category,
where it falls back. Why? If assets per branch are rising,
why are assets per employee dropping? What do all those extra
people do?
   One possibility is that they are out generating
non-interest income, except that we should then see a sharp
rise in revenue per employee. Another possibility is that
they are engaged in staff functions. They are developing
complex computer systems that the bank feels it needs to
remain competitive. They are administering a farflung branch
network. They are arbitrating disputes between departments
that want to offer competing products to the same customers.
They are enforcing quality standards throughout the
organization. And they are not generating revenues or
profits.
   So it is becoming apparent that economies of scale are not
an automatic achievement. In fact, the optimum size for a
bank may be much smaller than previously supposed. Of course,
optimum size is very much a function of location; the
California or New York optimum may be much bigger than the
Iowa or Montana optimum. Still, there is very little evidence
that reaching $100 or $200 billion in assets makes a bank
more efficient or more profitable. Until the economic and
political structure of the country changes, the optimum size
might well be in the $5 billion to $50 billion range.
   Success comes from factors other than size. In banking as
in every other businesses, good management is really the key.
Strength and agility will outperform sheer bulk every time.
   ---
   Mr. Bollenbacher, author of "The New Business of Banking"
to be published in April by Probus Publishing, is a
consultant at IBM.
   ---
                        Bigger . . .
                                                                                                       

                      Return on Equity
                                                                                                       

                                12 months       5 years
                               (10/90-9/91)  (10/86-9/91)
                                                                                                       

   Very small                     6.73%          5.14%
   Small                          8.89%          9.92%
   Medium                         7.23%         11.04%
   Large                          7.37%          9.33%
                                                                                                       

                     Doesn't mean . . .
                                                                                                       

                      Return on Assets
                                                                                                       

                                                12 months
                                                                                                       

   Very small ................................... 0.53%
   Small ........................................ 0.87%
   Medium ....................................... 0.64%
   Large ........................................ 0.54%
                                                                                                       

                       More efficient
                                                                                                       

              Overhead (as % of earning assets)

                                                12 months
                                                                                                       

   Very small ................................... 5.39%
   Small ........................................ 3.80%
   Medium ....................................... 4.13%
   Large ........................................ 4.27%
                                                                                                       

   Source: Sheshunoff  Co.