Breakwater to Hand
   Control to Arizonan
   Under Restructuring
Breakwater said a group led by H. Roy Shipes initially
would acquire a 20% equity stake in Breakwater, along with
control of the board. In exchange, the group would invest C$5
million in Breakwater and pay off C$1 million of Breakwater's
debt.
   The company said Mr. Shipes, who heads copper producer
Arimetco International Inc., also would have the option to
buy another 14.5 million Breakwater shares for 40 Canadian
cents a share, which would raise his stake to about 30% on a
fully diluted basis. These shares currently are held by
Breakwater's largest shareholder, Dundee Bancorp Inc., a
Toronto holding company.
   Dundee also agreed to convert C$6 million of debt into
about a 20% equity stake in Breakwater and to vote in favor
of the board proposed by Mr. Shipes, Breakwater said. The
company said it would move its offices to Tucson from here.
   The agreement is subject to regulatory and other
approvals. Among these, Breakwater said holders of its Swiss
franc debentures, worth some C$31 million, must first approve
a plan to exchange the notes for convertible preferred shares
in Breakwater. Breakwater missed a recent interest payment
due on the debentures.
   Separately, Mr. Shipes said Arimetco would manage
Breakwater's operations and would have the option to acquire
his group's interest in Breakwater for an undetermined price.
Breakwater has zinc operations in Honduras and New Brunswick.
Mr. Shipes said he expects zinc-production costs could be
halved by using leach and electrowinning technology. He said
Breakwater's half interest in a gold mine in Washington state
likely would be sold.
   In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Breakwater
shares jumped 6.25 U.S. cents to 31.25 U.S. cents. On the
Toronto Stock Exchange, Arimetco shares were quoted at
C$4.10, down five Canadian cents, and Dundee Bancorp Class A
shares were quoted at C$3, down five Canadian cents.