New Securities Issues
Jan. 15, 2002, was priced as 7 1/2% at 99.238 to yield 7.61%.
The size of the issue was increased from an originally
planned $400 million. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 77 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
Rated singleA-2 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
single-A by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   UAL Corp. -- $200 million issue of senior unsecured notes,
due Jan. 15, 2012, was priced as 9 1/8% at 99.515 to yield
9.178%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 170
basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated Baa-2
by Moody's and triple-B by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Seagrams Co. -- $200 million issue of debentures, due Jan.
15, 2022, was priced as 8.35% at 99.625 to yield 8.384%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 92 basis
points over the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated single-A-2 by
Moody's and single-A by SP, the issue will be sold solely
through underwriters at Goldman Sachs  Co.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement  Power
District, Arizona, Salt River Project -- Pricing details on
an offering of $299.99 million Salt River Project electric
system revenue bonds, 1992 Series C, were released by a Bear
Stearns  Co. Inc. group. The bonds, due Jan. 1, 1993-2007,
2012, 2016, 2019, and 2028 are priced to yield from 3.75% in
1993 to 6.38% in 2019. Current interest serial bonds are
priced to yield from 3.75% in 1993 to 6.20% in 2007. There
are $56 million term bonds priced as 6.20% at 98.87 to yield
6.30% in 2012; $46 million term bonds priced as 6% at 96.50
to yield 6.28% in 2016; $80 million term bonds priced as
6.25% at 98.38 to yield 6.38% in 2019; $110.95 million term
bonds priced as 5.50% at 89 to yield 6.27% in 2028. Ratings
of double-A are expected from both Moody's and by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is being
offered by Kidder Peabody  Co. The offering, Series Gold
1205, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 7 1/2% mortgage
securities. Settlement is March 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Kidder Peabody  Co. The
offering, Series Gold 1206, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%
mortgage securities. Settlement is March 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $380 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Salomon Brothers Inc.
The offering, Series Gold 1204, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
15-year 8% mortgage securities. Settlement is Feb. 28.
   Morgan Stanley  Co. -- $292 million issue of Morgan
Stanley Mortgage Trust 41 Remic securities is being offered
by Morgan Stanley  Co. The offering is backed by Government
National Mortgage Association 10% mortgage securities.
Settlement is Feb. 28.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Student Loan Marketing Association -- $500 million issue
of notes, due Feb. 3, 1995, was priced at par to yield 5.275%
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 10 basis points
over the yield on the Treasury's three-year note.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kredietbank International Finance N.V. is offering $75
million (Canadian) of 8% Eurobonds due Feb. 7, 1995, at issue
price 101.825 via lead underwriter Kredietbank N.V. The bonds
are offered to investors initially at a fixed price of 100.70
to yield 7.73%. Commissions total 1 1/8 points. The
Luxembourg-listed bonds are denominated in C$1,000 and
C$10,000. Settlement is due Feb. 7 and interest is payable
annually.
   Credit Local de France -- French state-controlled lender
to municipal authorities is marketing $500 million of
Eurobonds due Feb. 18, 2002, at a yield margin of 0.28 point
above the semiannual 10-year U.S. Treasury yield via lead
underwriter Deutsche Bank Capital Markets Ltd. The bonds will
be officially priced today. The borrower's outstanding senior
debt is rated triple-A by Moody's and by SP. Commissions
total 0.325 points. The Luxembourg-listed bonds are
denominated in $1,000, $10,000 and $100,000. Settlement is
due Feb. 18 and interest is payable annually.
   Daiwa International Finance (Cayman) Ltd. (Japanese
parent) -- $100 million through an issue of 7 7/8% Eurobonds
due Dec. 20, 2006 at issue price par to yield 8.14% annually
after discounting fees via Daiwa Bank Capital Management Ltd.
Subordinated guaranteed by Daiwa Bank Ltd. First two coupon
periods are short, running from Jan. 22, 1992 to Jan. 29,
1992 and then to Dec. 20, 1992. Thereafter, annually on Dec.
20. Callable from Dec. 20, 2001 at par. Fees 2 1/4 points.
   Australia  New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. (Australia) --
$150 million through an issue of floating-rate notes due
February 1995 at issue price par via UBS Phillips  Drew.
Margin of 1/4 point above the six-month London interbank
offered rate (LIBOR) and are initially offered to investors
at a fixed price of 99.825. Fees 0.275.
   Abbey National Treasury Services Ltd. (U.K.) -- $200
million of 5 5/8% Eurobonds due Feb. 21, 1995 at issue price
101 1/8 via UBS Phillips  Drew. Reoffered at a fixed price
of 99.95 to yield 5.64% annually, margin of about 0.50 point
above the semiannual three-year U.S. Treasury note yield.
Guaranteed by Abbey National PLC. Fees 1 3/8.
   Kredietbank International Finance N.V. (Belgian parent) --
$75 million (Canadian) 8% Eurobonds due Feb. 7, 1995 at issue
price 101.825 via Kredietbank N.V. Reoffered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 100.70 to yield 7.73%. Fees 1
1/8.
   Z-Laenderbank Bank Austria AG (Austria) -- 150 million
Swiss francs of 6 3/4% public bonds due Feb. 7, 2002, priced
at 102 1/2 via Union Bank of Switzerland. Fees 2 7/8.