Datapoint Begins
   Offer to Exchange
   Its Preferred Shares
Holders who exchange their stock won't receive any of the
accumulated dividends on the old preferred and waive their
current right to elect two Datapoint directors because the
company hasn't paid preferred dividends for more than six
quarters.
   The offer, which is scheduled to expire April 13, is
contingent on at least two-thirds of the 1.9 million
preferred shares outstanding being tendered and on the
company's common and preferred holders approving certain
amendments to terms of the preferred stock. If the exchange
offer is successful, the data processing concern said it may
exchange each share that isn't tendered for 0.75 shares of
new preferred and two common shares.
   However, if two-thirds of the preferred shares aren't
exchanged under the offer, Datapoint said it will amend the
offer to instead exchange half the preferred shares for $20
face amount of new 5% junior subordinated debentures due 2022
and two common shares.
   The company said that Asher B. Edelman, Datapoint
chairman, has agreed to exchange his 16% stake in the
preferred stock under the offer and Blake Thomas, who owns 7%
of the preferred, has agreed to tender his shares. Mr. Thomas
also will be nominated for election to Datapoint's board.