Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices End Flat to Slightly Lower After Fed
   Again Indicates Monetary Policy Is Unchanged
   ----
   By Kevin Donovan and Sharon R. King
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
That operation was a sign that policy makers had not
sanctioned a cut in the closely watched rate, which is the
rate that banks charge each other for overnight loans. The
Fed action disappointed some investors, causing them to sell
notes and bonds, which pushed prices lower.
   The bond market's bellwether security, the 30-year
Treasury bond, ended 3/8 point lower, a loss of $3.75 for a
bond with a $1,000 face amount. The issue's yield, which
moves in the opposite direction of its price, rose to 7.79%
from 7.76% on Friday.
   Many analysts and economists believe that the January
employment report released Friday was sufficiently weak to
spur the Fed to ease credit conditions at some point. Last
week, Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the
central bank is ready to reduce interest rates further should
the economy show signs of faltering.
   Indeed, widespread expectations for further declines in
short-term interest rates were evident at yesterday's $20.86
billion Treasury bill auction. Investors bid aggressively for
the three-month and six-month bills, causing yields on the
securities to be set at the lowest levels since 1972.
   "The pressure is too strong to withstand," says Anthony
Karydakis, senior financial economist at First Chicago
Capital Markets. The Fed will ease again in the near future
because it "will have to show some sensitivity to the
continuing evidence" of economic weakness.
   But that view isn't universal.
   Mitchell Held, economist at Smith Barney, Harris Upham 
Co., says he thinks the Fed is content to sit on the fence.
"I don't think the Fed's going to ease," anytime soon, he
says. "Money supply growth is up and there's anecdotal
evidence of a recovery." He said the Fed doesn't want to
reduce rates too much and then be forced to raise rates
sometime in the summer. This could happen if the economic
growth proposals being discussed in Washington take hold and
stimulate economic growth too much.
   Traders and analysts say the reluctance of investors to
become too enthusiastic ahead of the government's huge
borrowing binge this week also weighed on debt prices.
   The first leg of the federal refunding kicks off today
with the sale of $15 billion of three-year Treasury notes. In
when-issued trading activity, the yield on the new three-year
notes was quoted late at 5.43%, up from 5.42% late Friday.
   The refunding continues tomorrow with the sale of $11
billion of ten-year notes. The yield on the notes was quoted
at 7.20%, up from 7.19% late Friday.
   The refunding concludes Thursday with the sale of $10
billion of 30-year bonds. In when-issued trading, the yield
on the longterm bonds was quoted at 7.79%, up from 7.78%.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended unchanged to moderately lower.
   The Treasury's existing benchmark 30-year bond ended at a
price of 102 10/32 to yield 7.79%, compared with a price of
102 22/32 to yield 7.76%. The Treasury will sell new 30-year
bonds Thursday. The existing ten-year notes ended at a price
of 102 1/32 to yield 7.19% compared with 102 5/32 to yield
7.17%. The Treasury will sell new 10-year notes tomorrow.
Today, the Treasury will sell new three-year notes. Existing
three-year notes ended trading yesterday at a price of 101
18/32 to yield 5.36%, unchanged.
   The government sold $20.86 billion of Treasury bills
yesterday at its regular weekly auction. The average discount
rate on the new three-month bills was 3.72% and the rates on
the six-month bills was 3.80%. Those rates are down from last
week's auction when they were 3.86% and 3.93%, respectively.
   The average rate on three-month bills was the lowest since
the average of 3.70% at the May 15, 1972, auction. The rate
on the six-month bills was the lowest since the average of
3.80% at the auction on March 6, 1972.
   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                               13-Week           26-Week
                                                                                                       

 Applications ............ $32,180,780,000   $31,344,175,000
 Accepted bids ........... $10,400,955,000   $10,459,815,000
 Accepted at low price ...             24%               41%
 Accepted noncompet'ly ...  $1,777,250,000    $1,276,475,000
 Average price (Rate) ....  99.060 (3.72%)    98.079 (3.80%)
 High price (Rate) .......  99.062 (3.71%)    98.089 (3.78%)
 Low price (Rate) ........   99.057(3.73%)    98.079 (3.80%)
 Coupon equivalent .......           3.82%             3.94%
 CUSIP number ............       912794YN8         912794ZG2
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated Feb. 13, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature May 14, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature Aug. 13,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   About $800 million of new debt was sold in the corporate
market yesterday as corporations stepped in to borrow money
before the Treasury's refunding.
   The refunding generally puts a damper on corporate bond
sales because companies are reluctant to compete with the
government for buyers of their securities.
   Among the companies offering debt was Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corp. which accounted for half of the day's
issuance. Freddie Mac, as the organization is known, issued
$250 million of 10-year debentures priced initially at par to
yield 7.68%. The debentures, which are non-callable for one
year, were priced at a spread of 0.48 percentage point above
the Treasury's whenissued 10-year note.
   In a separate offering, Freddie Mac sold $150 million of
seven-year notes yielding 7.19%. Other corporate issuers
included Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., which sold
$200 million of seven-year notes yielding 8.55%. Shearson
Lehman Brothers is a unit of American Express Co.
   In the secondary market for investment-grade corporate
debt, high-grade bonds slumped, registering losses of 1/8
point.
   High-risk, high-yield bonds were little changed. Among
notable gainers were junk bonds of Charter Medical Corp.,
which jumped after the health care company reported sharply
narrower losses for the first quarter Friday.
   Charter Medical's 14% senior subordinated debentures, due
in 2000, gained four points to end at 50.
   ---
   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   The recent spike in interest rates has prompted at least
two states this week to postpone general obligation refunding
bond offerings totaling more than $600 million.
   Within the past two to three weeks, municipal yields have
risen 0.20 to 0.30 percentage point. The trend mimics an
upward move in Treasury yields, due to uncertainty about the
economy and some other factors, dealers and municipal
analysts say.
   This week, more than $3.2 billion of debt had been on the
municipal pricing schedule. Now, only about $2.5 billion is
expected to be sold. Postponed refunding sales account for
the bulk of bond issues pulled from the calendar this week,
dealers say.
   Among those postponed was Missouri's sale of $320.1
million of GOs, which had been slated for yesterday. The
recent rise in municipal yields virtually eliminated the
expected savings, Missouri officials said. "If rates would
have stayed down, we would have stayed in the market," says
Mark Kaiser, Missouri's assistant director of accounting.
   In addition, the Florida Board of Education's scheduled
sale of $311.58 million of public education capital outlay
refunding bonds won't take place tomorrow, an official with
the education department says.
   Instead, Florida officials will keep a close watch on
municipal rates. If yields become attractive again, Florida
can move into the market after giving 24 hours' notice and
sell its bonds, the official adds.
   The Florida Board of Education's bonds are backed by the
full faith and credit of Florida and are considered to be
general obligation bonds. The bonds also carry the same
double-A ratings as Florida's GOs.
   Refunding bonds are generally sold to help an issuer lower
interest costs. Proceeds from the sale of a refunding issue
are used to retire the old, outstanding debt, replacing it
with the new, lower-coupon debt.
   Meanwhile, California general obligation bonds didn't have
a chance to react to a reduction in the state's bond rating
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. to double-A1 from triple-A.
It is uncertain whether prices of the California bonds will
be affected today.
   Late yesterday, California's 5.75% issues of 2010 were
yielding 6.35%, unchanged on the day, and quoted at a price
of 93.49. The yield on the California GOs compares with a
yield of 6.43% on recently issued double-A rated Washington
general obligation bonds, the 6.25% issues of 2011, which
were quoted at 97 5/8 late Monday.
   In December, Standard  Poor's Corp. lowered the rating on
California's GOs to double-A from triple-A, citing the
state's continued budget problems. Double-A ratings from both
Moody's and SP could boost the yields expected when
California comes to market next week with $1.39 billion of
general obligation bonds on Feb. 19.
   Just last week, California Treasurer Kathleen Brown was in
New York meeting with rating agencies. At that time, she
expressed hopes that Moody's and another agency, Fitch
Investors Service Inc., would maintain their triple-A ratings
on the GOs until California officials presented a fiscal 1993
budget in June.
   The Moody's action leaves just a few states that carry
triple-A ratings from both Moody's and SP, including
Maryland, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Utah, and
Virginia.
   In other ratings action yesterday, SP downgraded about
$62.1 million Hialeah, Fla., Series 1989 revenue bonds to
single-D, its lowest municipal bond rating. The downgrade
came after the issuer failed to make a full principal payment
on the bonds, issued on behalf of Hialeah Hospital, causing a
default. The rating was downgraded from triple-C. Prices of
the thinly-traded bonds hover in the 60 range and were
unaffected by the ratings action, which was released late in
the day.
   In trading, prices of many bellwether long-term municipal
bonds ended about 1/4 point lower.