Who's News:
   Conrades of IBM,
   Demoted Last Fall,
   Says He'll Retire
   ----
   By Paul B. Carroll
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Armstrong retired to take a top post at General Motors
Corp.'s Hughes Aircraft Co. unit.
   Mr. Conrades, 52 years old, said he is stepping down now
because he had received lots of inquiries from other
companies and wanted to spend his full time evaluating
possible positions carefully.
   "They run from running smaller, entrepreneurial
organizations to larger companies," Mr. Conrades said in an
interview. "I'm fortunate in that regard."
   He said some of the offers are from outside the computer
industry, and said he would consider such a move. But he
added: "I don't have anything on the front burner."
   Although IBM had issued just a brief announcement when Mr.
Conrades was moved in late November, yesterday's announcement
included a friendly statement from John F. Akers, IBM's
chairman. Mr. Conrades's "creative marketing skills,
entrepreneurial spirit and thorough knowledge of the IBM
company are respected by IBM customers and business partners
throughout the world," the Akers statement said. "We wish him
well."
   Mr. Conrades, who had earned his reputation as a sharp
marketer by helping turn around IBM's Asian operations,
became ensnarled in the problems the company's U.S.
operations have suffered in recent years. Supporters believed
he was made the scapegoat for many of the woes that preceded
his time as general manager of the U.S. business.
   But Mr. Akers not only saddled Mr. Conrades with the
responsibility, he did it in a way calculated to send a
message to the work force that even the most senior people at
IBM must improve or get out of the way so that someone else
can try.