Abreast of the Market:
   Industrial Stocks Ease 13.86 Points
   On Worry Over Possible Pullback
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But the Nasdaq Composite Index, a measure of small-stock
prices, added 1.93 to 617.63 and the American Stock Exchange
Market Value Index gained 2.25 to a record close of 407.89.
The Dow Jones Transportation Average rose 12.33 to 1364.16.
   Volume continued heavy; 200,270,000 shares changed hands.
Big volume without any convincing price advance suggests the
market has peaked, said Edward Shopkorn, director of
institutional equities trading at Mabon Securities.
   "The action in the last couple of days tells me the market
is tired now; it's had a great run," he said. The mixed
sessions result from many investors still being driven to
stocks because of low yields in other securities, Mr.
Shopkorn asserted, while others are taking profits from the
Christmas rally.
   Merck was prominent among yesterday's losers, falling 2
7/8 to 160 1/8 after opening more than 30 minutes late
because of an order imbalance. Analysts said it was an
example of an investor darling that becomes too expensive.
Now trading at nearly 30 times estimated trailing 12-months
earnings, Merck would have to increase earnings by more than
25% this year to justify its current price, said Jerry
Brimeyer, an analyst at Kidder Peabody.
   Pfizer, another favorite drug stock, also slipped
yesterday, falling 1/8 to 84 1/2.
   But as some drug stocks fell from grace, prices of
battered oil stocks gushed:
   Atlantic Richfield gained 2 3/8 to 104 1/4, Texaco rose 1
1/4 to 59, Chevron jumped 2 to 68 1/4 and Mobil added 1 to 65
3/8. The movement in oils resulted from "investors hunting
for sectors that haven't rallied yet," said Paul Hennessy,
head equities trader at Boston Co., rather than because of
widespread hopes that oil prices will rise again soon.
   Airline stocks, which generally fall when oil prices are
expected to rise, also soared: AMR gained 1 3/4 to 71 1/8;
Delta Air Lines rose 1 5/8 to 70 1/4 and UAL Corp. jumped 1/2
to 148 1/2.
   Lofty stock prices will face a "big test" as quarterly
profit reports start coming out with increased frequency,
said Geoffrey Dennis, an international strategist at James
Capel Inc. Fourth-quarter results "will be horrible," he
added.
   The Dow industrial average could retreat to 3000 or 3050
-- a decline of as much as 6% -- before taking off again, he
said.
   Yesterday, investors snapped up some bank stocks,
apparently in the belief that much of the bad news about them
has passed. Shares of Chase Manhattan gained 1/4 to 20 1/8
after the company reported net income of $3.12 a share for
1991 -- higher than the average $2.73 projected by 20
analysts surveyed by First Call, a unit of Thompson Financial
Networks.
   Citicorp jumped 1 1/2 to 12. The bank said it would report
a loss of $125 million to $150 million for the fourth
quarter-greater than most analysts' expectations but
squelching widespread fears of even poorer results. Chairman
John S. Reed said the bank's revenue-cost margin before
credit costs had improved to $5.8 billion in 1991 from $1
billion in 1990 because of a cost-reduction program.
   Corning plunged 10 5/8 to 68 3/8 on heavy volume of
1,756,900 shares, compared with a daily average of 218,275.
Corning is a partner with Dow Chemical in Dow Corn ing Corp.,
a major maker of silicone breast implants. Food and Drug
Administration Commissioner David Kessler called for a
moratorium on silicone breast implants a week ago, largely
because internal Dow Corning documents suggested that the
company misled physicians about the risk that silicone could
ooze out and spread to other parts of the body. Dow Chemical
fell 7/8 to 53 7/8.
   Cray Research rose 2 to 44 3/4 after the computer maker
announced that the Max Planck Society has ordered a Y-MP 4E
supercomputer and has installed it at the Institute for
Plasma Physics in Garching, Germany. The value of the order
wasn't disclosed. It was the second such sale announcement so
far this year. Last week the company said the Lawrence
Livermore National Laboratory purchased a supercomputer.
   Nynex fell 1 3/4 to 78 1/8 after PaineWebber analyst Jack
Grubman cut his rating on the regional Bell operating company
to 3 -- or "neutral" -- from 1, or "buy." Mr. Grubman told
the firm's trading force that the stock was becoming pricey
although "Nynex remains the best near-term story among the
regional Bells."
   On the American exchange, Enzo Biochem gained 2 1/2 to 5
3/4 on volume of 2,180,000 shares, compared with a daily
average of 41,360, after the biochemical research company
announced that its Enzo Diagnostics unit would introduce
eight products to help researchers identify and trace the
origin of metastatic cancer.