Philips Electronics
   Is Seeking to Buy Out
   Holders of Super Club
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
When Super Club Holding  Finance is dissolved, Philips
"is prepared, under certain conditions, to acquire its
activities," Super Club said.
   The value of those operations would be determined by an
international investment bank, Super Club said. Philips would
pay for the 49% of the business it doesn't already own with
an issue of new shares or cash.
   Super Club has about 500 video retail outlets in the U.S.
and 100 in Belgium.
   On Friday, Super Club said it had a loss of 4.3 billion
Belgian francs ($125.4 million) in the nine months ended Dec.
31, due mainly to restructuring and financing costs.
Year-earlier figures weren't provided, but Super Club showed
a loss of 14.86 billion francs for the 14 months ended March
31, 1991.
   A buy-out by Philips would end a bizarre saga in Belgian
finance. Super Club, headed by Flemish businessman Maurice De
Prins, set out three years ago to become a global
entertainment company. Super Club shares were never listed on
a stock exchange, but many Belgian investors bought in. The
shares changed hands for as much 6,000 Belgian francs two
years ago, compared with about 270 francs a share last week.
   Even as Super Club's financial woes mounted, Philips
boosted its stake to 51% from 21% in 1990 for 4 billion
francs. As of September, Philips had pumped about 16 billion
francs into the company.
   Super Club said it and Philips are discussing a
refinancing package with banks to keep the company alive.
Meanwhile, bondholders will be asked to restructure their
credit, which Philips will guarantee if they agree to make
"financial sacrifices," Super Club said.
   Super Club had 7.42 billion francs in long-term debt and
14.38 billion francs in short-term debt as of March 31, 1991.
Shareholder equity was put at negative 6.15 billion francs.