European Sales
   Of New Cars
   Fell 3.6% in 1991
   ---
   Decline Reflects Slowdown
   In Most Nations Studied;
   Germany Showed a Gain
   ----
   By Neil Fullick
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The statistics show that most European nations suffered a
slowdown in car sales during the year, with the notable
exception of Germany, where booming sales helped limit the
impact of the downturn on the rest of the continent.
   Excluding Germany's data, new car sales in Europe fell
8.7% to 8,977,731 in 1991 from 9,829,708 in 1990.
   John Lawson, an auto analyst at Nomura Research Institute
in London, said: "1991 has clearly been a difficult year. The
figures reflect that."
   Analysts don't see any upturn for 1992. They predict a
kind of reversal of fortunes, however, with a slowdown in
Germany creating a drag on the rest of the market and leaving
European car sales 2% to 5% lower than in 1991.
   Countries that suffered a sharp downturn last year because
of the recession, such as the U.K., France and Spain, will
show improvement over the year as economic activity
increases, analysts forecast. But the impact of their
contribution will be at least offset by a sharp slowdown in
the German economy, they said.
   In 1991, western German sales totaled 3,428,601 cars,
compared with 3,040,783 in 1990. But last year's figures were
also boosted by car-hungry eastern German buyers brought into
the market by the nation's unification in late 1990.
Including eastern Germany, sales totaled 4,158,601 in 1991,
sources said.
   Nick Snee, a European motors analyst at S.G. Warburg
Securities Ltd., said German sales continued to surpass
expectations through much of 1991. Forecasts only caught up
with actual results in the third quarter, he said.
   However, December data for western German sales showed
that a slowdown in demand was already under way, analysts
said. Sales fell 11% to 176,347 units in December from a year
earlier.
   Analysts now forecast as much as an 18% decline in
pan-German car demand this year.
   In other major car-producing countries, analysts forecast
an 8% to 10% rise in U.K. sales for 1992, a 1.8% to 6%
decline in Italian sales, a 7% to 8.4% advance in French
sales and a 1% to 11% rise in Spain.
   In 1991, U.K. sales fell 21% to 1,592,326, Italian sales
dropped 0.3% to 2,340,260, French sales retreated 12% to
2,031,274, and Spanish sales dropped 9.7% to 886,312.
   Economic conditions will be the key to demand, analysts
said, as car demand traditionally runs parallel to gross
domestic product trends. To a lesser extent, demand is also
likely to be affected by planned European-wide tax changes
and new vehicle regulations.
   One of the major regulatory changes is a directive from
the European Commission that all autos sold by the 12
European Community member nations in 1993 must be fitted with
catalytic converters, which make exhaust emissions less
damaging to the atmosphere.