Aquarion to Post Loss
   For 4th Period, Year
   After Taking a Charge
The remainder of the charge, all related to the
subsidiary, includes restructuring costs expected in 1992,
additional bad-debt reserves and write-offs of certain other
assets. Although Aquarion said it remains committed to the
business, it will be reduced in size.
   Aquarion said that as a result of the charge, equal to
$2.87 a share, it expects to report a full-year loss of $1.70
to $1.85 a share, or $8.2 million to $8.9 million. It didn't
provide a fourth-quarter estimate. In 1990, Aquarion had net
income of $7.1 million, or $1.48 a share, on revenue of $77.8
million; that included fourth-quarter net of $1.8 million, or
38 cents a share. The company expects to report its 1991
results in the next few weeks.
   Separately, Aquarion said its board authorized an offering
of 800,000 to one million common shares. Proceeds will be
used to pay short-term debt.
   Commenting on the charge, Jack E. McGregor, president and
chief executive officer, said that "continued severe economic
conditions and increasing industry overcapacity" hurt the
environmental testing lab business. A spokesman said the
charge was intended to more accurately reflect the value of
the environmental testing labs and to make it possible for
them to become profitable sooner than they otherwise would
have.