Marketing  Media:
   Time Reportedly
   Seeking to Acquire
   Magazine Concern
   ----
   By Johnnie L. Roberts and Patrick M. Reilly
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
A spokesman for Time Warner declined to comment.
   The move would appear consistent with Time Warner's
recently stated goal to buy companies that reach consumers
through direct mail. Two weeks ago, the company said it was
considering as many as seven acquisitions, some of them
outside the traditional publishing arena, which relies on
subscription and newsstand sales. Moreover, do-it-yourself
publications are an especially fast growing area as
recession-battered consumers look for low cost ways to
decorate their homes and spend their leisure time.
   According to publishing industry executives, Leisure Arts
is majority-owned by Stephens Inc., an investment banking
firm based in Little Rock, Ark. Stephens and Time Warner were
joint owners of the now-defunct Southpoint magazine, holding
a 30% and a 70% stake, respectively. Stephens officials
couldn't be reached to comment.
   In addition to Leisure Arts' flagship magazine, Leisure
Arts, it also has a trove of little-known but reputedly
profitable publications. These include For the Love of Cross
Stitch, Celebrations to Cross Stitch and Craft Magazine, and
Plastic Canvas Corner. The company also publishes dress
pattern leaflets as well as cards and calendars.
   In 1990, Leisure Arts posted revenue of $60 million, the
latest figures available, industry officials said.
   Industry executives believe Time Warner will greatly
reduce operating costs if the deal is completed. For example,
Time Warner would be able to meld Leisure Arts' distribution
and subscription operation with its Southern Progress Corp.
unit in Birmingham, Ala.
   Southern Progress, one of the largest regional publishers
of magazines and books, publishes Southern Living, Southern
Accents, Travel South and Cooking Light magazines, as well as
Oxmoor House books.