Burlington Northern
   Is Set Back in Effort
   To Pare Train Crews
But Thomas DuBose, president of the union, said the
arbitrators' decision was technical and involved the lack of
filing of proper notice by either the railroad or the union
for work-rule changes under federal law. Such notice is
required for arbitration, he said, adding that either the
railroad or union could still file a notice.
   The railroad has been seeking to reduce train-crew sizes
from about four workers to either two or three for its
northern rail routes as a cost-saving measure. It already has
negotiated reductions for the southern two-thirds of its
national routes. The arbitration panel had held more than a
month of hearings, and had been scheduled to issue a final
decision on crew size for the routes by Feb. 15.
   Anthony Hatch, a rail analyst at PaineWebber Inc., said
the decision last week seems to be just a "delay of the
inevitable -- but for how long, we don't know." He said the
other major rail carriers already have achieved crew
reductions, and that the arbitrators are likely to give
Burlington the reductions. "I don't think that, given what
the industry already has gotten from the unions, the UTU can
hold onto current {Burlington} crew sizes. It's just a matter
of time."