World Markets:
   Share Prices Finish Narrowly Mixed in Tokyo;
   London Stocks Retreat on Wall Street's Reversal
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
In Tokyo Wednesday, the Nikkei index was up 172.87 points
to 21198.42 as the afternoon session got under way.
   Tuesday's first-section volume was estimated at a weak 160
million shares, little changed from 156.3 million Monday.
Though the Nikkei ended higher, first-section losers
outnumbered gainers, 507-370, with 210 issues unchanged. The
Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first-section issues, which
fell 14.84 points Monday, edged down 0.85 to 1535.97.
   In the thin market, stock prices were pushed up and down
by index-related arbitrage dealings, and most investors
remained on the sidelines. The Nikkei fell as low as 20743.56
and rose as high as 21093.90 in the session.
   Parliamentary testimony by politicians about a continuing
political scandal inhibited trading, but no major news
emerged, removing a source of uncertainty from the market but
also failing to ignite any buying sentiment. Reports of
settlements between two securities companies and some of
their clients for clients' losses related to questionable
securities trading had a small negative effect on the market,
which also was hurt by weak leading-indicator data.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index lost 12.9 points to 2546.8. The FT 30-stock index gave
up 9.9 to 1989.8. Volume was 511 million shares, compared
with 440.5 million a day earlier.
   In the choppy session, prices initially were supported on
several corporate earnings reports that either met or
slightly exceeded expectations. But activity dwindled, and a
sharp retreat in early trading on Wall Street sent London
stocks lower. The London bourse reacted badly to gloomy U.S.
economic news.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index fell 6.8 points to
1722.30, though scattered blue-chips scored gains. Activity
was light, and stocks' slippage amid a lack of any
market-moving news was viewed as a technical correction.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Paris shares ended sharply lower on
profit-taking, and Amsterdam equities declined on a weaker
dollar and poor corporate earnings. In Milan, stocks rose
broadly as short-covering in blue-chip shares led the market
higher, then sentiment improved on a better Italian economic
outlook.
   Among Asian and Pacific exchanges, Sydney's climb came
ahead of Wednesday's government economic statement that is
intended to boost the Australian economy. Hong Kong shares
surged after investors were encouraged by China's latest move
toward economic reforms. Taipei prices fell in heavy selling
prompted by softness in property-related shares. Manila's
technical rebound extended to a third consecutive session,
and stocks gained.
   Shares in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur dropped on news that
Bank Bumiputra Malaysia was being sued for $3 billion in the
U.S. Investors feared that the Malaysian government might
face a big legal judgment, as a result of which Bank
Bumiputra risked wiping out shareholder funds for the third
time in less than eight years. Among other things, the suit
alleges that Bank Bumiputra bought California and Florida
properties from Carrian Group, a now-defunct Hong Kong
company, for a fraction of market value. The suit was filed
in California by a minority shareholder of Carrian.
   Among corporate developments, in Tokyo, Hitachi eased 2
yen to 848 yen ($6.56). The company lowered its forecast for
the fiscal year ending March 31. It now estimates group
consolidated pretax profit will total 355 billion yen ($2.75
billion), a 37% decline from a year earlier; it previously
predicted an 18% decline to 460 billion yen. The company
projects sales of 7.7 trillion yen, off 0.5% from a year
earlier and down from the November forecast of 7.85 trillion
yen.
   In London, Sedgwick Group rose 3 pence, or 1.4%, to 212
pence ($3.70). The insurance broker's 1991 pretax profit,
after special items, climbed 19% to #82.4 million ($143.9
million), in the middle of the range analysts had expected.
Before exceptional items, pretax profit fell 9.2%. Also as
expected, Sedgwick left its annual dividend unchanged at 12
pence a share.
   Grand Metropolitan edged down 1 to 947. The food and
beverage concern announced a stock split in which one new
share will be issued for each share held. The company's
American depositary receipts also will be split.
   Unilever dropped 30, or 3.1%, to 938. The Anglo-Dutch food
and personal products concern's 1991 pretax profit rose 0.6%
to #1.79 billion ($3.13 billion) as volume growth in its
consumer operations offset weakness on the industrial side.
The annual dividend was increased 4.3% to 18.94 pence a
share. Excluding a year-earlier extraordinary restructuring
charge, net income grew 4%. The earnings were slightly below
London analysts' estimates, but Unilever said the performance
demonstrated the company's resilience in the face of economic
recession and weak consumer demand.
   In Paris, Elf Aquitaine slumped 8 French francs, or 2.1%,
to 379.10 francs ($67.48). The state-controlled oil concern
and British Petroleum said Elf would acquire BP's refining
and marketing activities in 12 West African countries and
Tunisia. Terms weren't disclosed. In London, BP shares rose 1
pence to 259 pence. The deal fits BP's strategy of focusing
on specific markets. It also reinforces Elf's refining and
marketing operations, which have tended to concentrate on
petrochemicals, and helps the company's goal of improving the
balance with its exploration and production activities.
   Source Perrier, which last traded at 1,517 francs, wasn't
quoted Tuesday as its takeover saga continued. The French
government told the Paris commercial court that it doesn't
favor nullifying the purchase of a 13.8% stake in Perrier by
Saint Louis. The court heard arguments in the case brought by
Nestle, the Swiss food company that has teamed with Banque
Indosuez of France in a hostile bid for the mineral water
company. Nestle says Saint Louis's Jan. 6 purchase of the
Perrier treasury shares violated stock market regulations.
Nestle wants to dislodge the grip of the Agnelli family of
Italy on a large part of Perrier's capital.
   Separately, the financial-crimes arm of the French police
has been instructed to launch a preliminary investigation
into Saint Louis's purchase of the 13.8% stake. The inquiry
is to focus on actions by Perrier Chairman Jacques Vincent,
and not the company; concern has been raised about whether
Mr. Vincent misled bourse authorities on the timing of the
sale. This won't affect any judgment on the legality of the
sale, Perrier said.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.

                                                 % This
                              Feb 24    Feb 21    Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ....................  385.8     385.5    - 1.1
   Britain .................  762.4     757.0    + 3.4
   Canada ..................  401.1     400.4    + 1.3
   Japan ...................  884.1     894.6    -10.6
   France ..................  556.9     552.8    +11.3
   Germany .................  266.8     264.6    + 9.7
   Hong Kong ............... 3468.2    3486.5    +12.0
   Switzerland .............  223.8     222.5    + 9.2
   Australia ...............  347.0     345.4    - 1.2
   World index .............  510.8     512.0    - 4.6