New Securities Issues
CIGNA Corp. -- $100 million issue of notes, due Jan. 1,
2007, was priced at par to yield 8.25%. The noncallable notes
were priced at a spread of 142 basis points over the yield on
the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated single-A-1 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard & Poor's
Corp., the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Goldman, Sachs & Co.
                                                                                                       

                           EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   TCF Financial -- 1.6 million common shares were priced at
$18.50 a share through underwriters led by Piper Jaffrey &
Hopwood Inc.
                                                                                                       

                        MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $1 billion issue
of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities is
being offered by Kidder Peabody & Co. The offering, Series
1992-16, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage securities. The
collateral has a weighted average remaining term to maturity
of 29.75 years. The issue settles Feb. 28, 1992.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Merrill Lynch & Co. The
offering, Series Gold 1199, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8%
mortgage securities. Settlement is Feb. 28, 1992. Further
details weren't immediately available.
                                                                                                       

                           EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   German Unity Fund -- 4.5478 billion Deutsche marks of 8%
bonds due Jan. 21, 2002, at 99.95 and above, were auctioned
via Deutsche Bundesbank. Allocated 2.4522 billion marks for
market-intervention.
   Osterreichische Kontrollbank AG (Austria) -- 150 million
European currency units of 9% Eurobonds due Feb. 4, 1994, at
issue price 100.975 via Paribas Capital Markets Ltd.
Initially offered at a fixed price of par to yield 9%
(annual). Guaranteed by Republic of Austria. Fees 1 1/8.
   Banque Nationale de Paris (France) -- $100 million
(Canadian) of 8% Eurobonds due Feb. 18, 1997, at issue price
100.175 via Wood Gundy Inc. Offered initially at a fixed
price of 99.55 to yield 8.11% (annual), a margin of 0.41
points above comparable Canadian government bond yield at
launch. Fees 1 7/8.
   Volkswagen International Finance N.V. (German parent) --
150 million Swiss francs of 6 3/4% public bonds due Jan. 31,
1997, priced at 101.65 to yield 6.35%, via Union Bank of
Switzerland. Guaranteed by parent Volkswagen AG. Fees
undisclosed.