Learning More About Managed Futures
Barclay Trading Group. Publishes a detailed quarterly
report on more than 250 trading advisers. A subscription
costs $575 a year. Barclay also publishes a quarterly managed
futures report that ranks trading advisers, for $150
annually. A free copy will be provided upon request. The firm
provides consulting services to individuals and institutions,
and it operates several private pools. Phone: 800-338-2827.
   CMA Reports. Tracks the performance of 70 trading advisers
and several private pools. A subscription is $195; a free
sample copy is available upon request. Phone: 800-888-1987.
   Managed Account Reports. Publishes a monthly report
tracking about 400 private pools and public funds. An annual
subscription is $265, a single copy is $30. MAR also
publishes a quarterly report on nearly 200 trading advisers
(annual subscription is $265, a single copy is $95) and the
annual International Register of Futures Funds is $180. The
firm also provides consulting services to individuals and
institutions on managed futures investing. Phone:
212-213-6202.
   Stark Research Inc. Publishes the Norwood Index Report,
which tracks 178 public funds monthly. Annual subscription is
$245; a free sample copy will be sent upon request. The firm
also publishes a quarterly report on 145 trading advisers at
an annual cost of $295. Phone: 708-359-4508.
   Trading Advisor. A monthly publication that follows more
than 100 trading advisers. The annual subscription cost is
$295, and a free sample copy will be provided on request.
Phone: 800-950-9339.
   (See related story: "Back to Futures: An Investor's Guide
to Managed Commodity Portfolios --- Key to Picking Managed
Futures Is to Focus on Possible Drawdown" -- WSJ Feb. 21,
1992)