New Securities Issues
Pacific Gas  Electric Co. -- $400 million of first and
refunding bonds, due March 1, 2002, priced as 7 7/8% at
99.792 to yield 7.904%. The noncallable bonds were priced at
a spread of 57 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year
note. Rated single-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and
single-A by Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Fleet/Norstar Financial Group Inc. -- $100 million of
senior notes, due March 1, 1997, priced at par to yield
7.65%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 98
basis points above the Treasury's five-year note. Rated Baa-2
by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the issue will be sold
through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Rutgers University (State University of New Jersey) --
$186.1 million of bonds priced by a Kidder, Peabody  Co.
group. The issue consists of the following two parts: $94.9
million of 1992 Series A general obligation bonds and $91.2
million of Series R revenue refunding bonds. Yields range
from 2.70% on Series R bonds due in 1992 to 6.63% on Series A
bonds due in 2018. The issue has been rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and double-A by SP.
   New York State Medical Care Facilities Finance Agency --
$161.6 million of mental health services facilities
improvement revenue bonds priced by a Prudential Securities
Inc. group to yield from 3.25% in 1993 to 6.625% in 2017. The
serial bonds have been priced to yield from 3.25% on Feb. 15,
1993, to 6.45% on bonds due Feb. 15, 2006 and Aug. 15, 2006.
For all the serial bonds, there are both February and August
maturities. There are $21.4 million of term bonds priced as
6.375% at 98.136 to yield 6.55% in 2010. There are $53.15
million of term bonds priced as 6.375% at 96.939 to yield
6.625% in 2017. There are $42 million of term bonds priced as
5.50% at 86.025 to yield 6.58% in 2021. The bonds are insured
by the Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. and carry triple-A
ratings from Moody's and SP.
   Arizona Board of Regents -- $109.6 million of system
revenue refunding bonds priced by a John Nuveen  Co. group.
Yields on the bonds, which are for the University of Arizona,
range from 3.10% in 1992 to 6.62% in 2011. The bonds have
been rated single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by SP.
   Kansas City, Mo. -- $57.8 million of revenue bonds. A
Prudential Securities Inc. group won $37.8 million of the
sewage system refunding and improvement revenue bonds with a
true interest cost of 5.88%. Yields range from 4.30% in 1994
to 6.375% in 2009. A George K. Baum  Co. group won $20
million of the water revenue bonds with a true interest cost
of 6.231%. Yields range from 4.60% in 1995 to 6.40% in 2012.
The sewage system bonds are rated double-A by Moody's and
double-A-minus by SP. The water revenue bonds are rated
double-A by Moody's and SP.
   North Charleston Sewer District of South Carolina -- $54.5
million of bonds priced by Lehman Brothers. The issue
consists of the following two parts: $45.1 million of Series
1992A revenue refunding bonds and $9.4 million of Series
1992B revenue improvement bonds. Yields on the bonds, which
are the same for both series, range from 4.40% in 1994 to
6.625% in 2018. The bonds are insured by the Municipal Bond
Investors Assurance Corp. and carry triple-A ratings from
Moody's and SP.
   Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority, Ga. -- $50
million of sales tax revenue bonds, Series O, due July 1,
2020, won by a J.P. Morgan  Co. group. The group won the
bonds with a net interest cost of 6.5951% and set the coupon
at 6.55%. The bonds, however, are not formally re-offered to
investors. The issue has been rated single-A by Moody's and
single-A-plus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Merrill Lynch  Co. The offering, Series Gold 1243, is backed
by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 7 1/2% mortgage securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by Salomon Brothers Inc. The
offering, Series 1992-53, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year
mortgage securities.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $300 million of
Remic securities offered by J.P. Morgan  Co. The offering,
series 1992-52, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year 8% mortgage
securities.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Microage Inc. -- An issue of 1.35 million common shares
priced at $13 a share through underwriters led by
Robinson-Humphrey Co.
   Callaway Golf Co. -- An initial public offering of 2.6
million common shares priced at $20 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch  Co. The size of the issue
was increased from an originally planned 2.1 million shares.
   United Healthcare Corp. -- An issue of 2.5 million common
shares priced at $81 a share through underwriters led by
Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Abbey Healthcare Group Inc. -- An initial public offering
of 3.3 million common shares priced at $12.50 a share through
underwriters led by Dillon Read  Co.
   Cross Timbers Royalty Trust -- An initial public offering
of three million trust units priced at $10 a unit through
underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Province of New Brunswick (Canada) -- 200 million Canadian
dollars of 9 1/4% Eurobonds due March 19, 2002, at issue
price 101.485 via Merrill Lynch International. Offered to
investors at initial fixed price of 99.86 to yield 0.73 point
above the Canadian government's 8 1/2% due April, 2002. Fees
1 5/8.
   Guinness Finance B.V. (U.K. parent) -- $200 million of 6
1/2% Eurobonds due April 6, 1995, at issue price 101.025 via
J.P. Morgan Securities. Re-offered to investors initially at
a fixed price of 99.85 to yield 6.557%, a margin of 0.60
point above the comparable U.S. Treasury. Guaranteed by
Guinness PLC. Fees 1 3/8.
   Citibank, Brazil Branch (U.S. parent) -- $100 million of 9
1/4% (semi-annual) Eurobonds due March 18, 1995, at issue
price 99.455 via Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd. Offered to
investors initially at a fixed price of 99.33 to yield
9.558%, a margin of 3.96% above comparable U.S. Treasury
yields. Principal paid back in three equal installments after
24 months, 30 months and 36 months, giving an average life of
2.5 years. Commercial guarantee of the parent Citibank, but
sovereign risk of Brazil in the event currency restrictions
are imposed. Fees 1 3/8.
   Australian  New Zealand Banking Corp. (Australia) -- $125
million of floating-rate notes due March 19, 1995, via
Salomon Brothers International. Notes pay six-month London
interbank offered rate plus 1/4 point, offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99.825. Fees 0.275.
   Toto Ltd. (Japan) -- 30 billion yen of 5.7% Eurobonds due
June 17, 1997, at issue price 101 5/8 via Yamaichi
International (Europe) Ltd. Offered to investors initially at
a fixed price of 100.05. Fees 1 7/8.
   Mitsubishi Estate Co. (Japan) -- 30 billion yen through a
6% offering of Eurobonds due June 18, 1999, via Nikko Europe
Ltd. The bonds are offered to investors initially at a fixed
price of 100.05. Fees not disclosed.
   Sumitomo Metal Industries Ltd. (Japan) -- 20 billion yen
of 5.65% Eurobonds due June 18, 1996, at issue price 101 1/4
via Nikko (Europe) Ltd. Offered to investors initially at
fixed price of 99.875. Fees 1 5/8.
   Sumitomo Metal Industries Ltd. (Japan) -- 10 billion yen
of 5.75% Eurobonds due June 18, 1997, at issue price 101 3/4
via Daiwa (Europe) Ltd. Offered initially at a fixed price of
par. Fees 1 7/8.
   Footwork International Corp. (Japan) -- 60 million marks
of bonds with equity-purchase warrants, a 4 3/8% coupon due
March 26, 1996, at par via Daiwa Europe (Deutschland)
G.m.b.H. Warrants exercisable from April 9, 1992, to March
19, 1996. Fixing March 5. Fees 2 1/4.