IBM Presses Ahead
   With the Launching
   Of Two Magazines
   ---
   New Technology Publications
   Mark First Time the Firm
   Has Sold Ads to Outsiders
   ----
   By Michael W. Miller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
IBM said the two magazines, Profit and Beyond Computing,
will appear every other month starting Feb. 19, each with
controlled circulations of 200,000. The company said it has
sold ads, at $10,000 to $13,000 a page, chiefly to technology
companies but also to consumer advertisers such as Cadillac
and the Stouffer hotel chain.
   IBM wouldn't disclose its investment in the magazines.
James Reilly, IBM's general manager for U.S. marketing
services and communications, termed the investment "rather
modest" and said he expects the publications to be profitable
in 12 to 18 months.
   IBM will join the ranks of several big companies cozying
up to customers with special magazines. Federal Express Corp.
last year created Via Fedex, a magazine it sends to
secretaries and office administrators. American Express Co.
sends Your Company to small-business owners who carry the
American Express card.
   The two IBM magazines will target audiences close to Big
Blue's heart. Profit magazine will go to owners and managers
of new businesses. Its first cover features "Six Strategies
to Maximize Your Technology Investment."
   Beyond Computing will go to senior technology managers at
big and midsized companies, drawn from IBM's customer list.
Its first issue includes articles on computer networks in
Europe and "out-sourcing," or turning a company's computer
operations over to an outside company.
   IBM said the magazines will be staffed by five company
employees and various outside consultants.