Abreast of the Market:
   Dow Jones Industrials Gain 3.58,
   Erasing 30-Point Intraday Decline
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
Standard & Poor's 500-stock index added 0.17 to 417.26 and
the Dow Jones Equity Market Index edged up 0.12 to 392.02,
both at new record highs. The New York Stock Exchange
composite index slipped 0.27 to 229.17. Declining stocks led
advancers, 917 to 871, on the Big Board, where volume totaled
203,600,000 shares, down from Tuesday's 247,670,000 shares.
   The market was weak for most of the day as short-term
traders unwound some of the positions they took on in late
December. Many traders bought stock Christmas week when it
became clear there would be a year-end rally, and then sold
that stock yesterday to lock in quick profits.
   "I don't think anybody was surprised to see a little bit
of a sell-off," said John Burnett, senior vice president of
block trading at Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette, referring to
the market's dip to morning lows.
   John Wosczyna, market strategist at Wosczyna Research,
sees the current rally slowing next week before stocks
retrench near the end of the month or early in February. At
worst Mr. Wosczyna sees the Dow Jones industrials pulling
back to between 2950 and 3025 before heading higher again.
"My bet is that we've started the second leg of the bull
market," with prices gaining through next summer, he said.
   The day's economic news was mixed. Investors found some
comfort in this morning's report that initial unemployment
claims for the week of Dec. 21 fell 29,000, rather than
rising 5,000 as expected. But the National Association Of
Purchasing Managers' index of business activity in December
fell to 46.5% from 50.1% in November, the first time in seven
months that the index dropped below 50. A reading below 50
indicates that the manufacturing sector of the economy shrank
in the month.
   Toys "R" Us topped the most-active list, rising 2 to 34
3/4 on volume of more than 3.1 million shares. The company
said same-store sales rose 7.9% during the eight weeks that
included the Christmas season from the year-earlier level.
Consolidated Stores rose 1/2 to 11 3/4 on news that its
same-store sales rose 6.8% in December from a year ago.
   Discount Corp. of New York rose 1/4 to 10 1/8. George
McFadden and his brother, John, said they sold about 70% of
their stock in the bond dealer, leaving them with only a
1.51% stake. Last year, the McFaddens said they might seek
control.
   Storage Technology's shares rallied 3 1/8 to 43,
rebounding from last week when the stock stumbled on news
that a new-product shipment would be delayed. SoundView
Financial Group said it is increasingly optimistic about the
stock, citing the encouraging results of a recent survey of
corporate computer managers.
   Harris Corp. added 1 to 27 7/8. On Tuesday, the company
was awarded a $1.7 billion 15-year contract by the Federal
Aviation Authority.
   Continental Medical rallied 1 1/4 to 27 1/4 after agreeing
to merge with Healthsouth Rehabilitation, which slipped 1/2
to 34 5/8.
   Enron added 7/8 to 35 7/8. The company bought Tenneco's
natural-gas liquids business for $515 million.
   Nerco lost 3/4 to 15 1/2. The company said 1992 earnings
will be "significantly" lower than what it earned in 1991.
   CPI Corp. rose 1 1/2 to 25 1/2. Smith Barney, Harris Upham
initiated research coverage with a "buy" rating.
   Consolidated Rail lost 3 1/8 to 81 3/8. Dean Witter
downgraded its rating on the stock to "hold" from "buy/hold."
   Mesa Inc. rallied 1 1/4 to 7 3/8. The company completed
its conversion from a partnership to a corporation Tuesday.
   Auto makers were among the strongest stock groups, as
investors snapped up lagging cyclical stocks. General Motors
rose 2 1/8 to 31, Chrysler added 3/4 to 12 1/2 and Ford
gained 1 to 29 1/8. Citing planned shutdowns of U.S.
factories, Japan's finance minister urged Japanese auto
makers to help Americans sell cars in Japan.
   Some computer stocks rose. International Business Machines
rose 1 1/4 to 90 1/4.
   Compaq Computer surged 3 3/8 to 29 3/4.
   Chemical Banking rose 2 1/8 to 23 3/8 after completing its
merger with Manufacturers Hanover earlier this week. The
combined bank plans to raise $1.25 billion in a stock
offering later this month.
   Litton Industries gained 2 1/4 to 90 1/8 after Prudential
Securities upgraded its rating on the stock. The securities
firm raised its recommendation on Litton to "buy" from "hold"
and nudged higher its fiscal 1993 earnings estimates for the
company.
   The American Stock Exchange market value index rose 0.46
to 395.51.
   IGI Inc. gained 2 1/8 to 16 3/4. Analyst Ray Dirks of RAS
Securities recommended buying IGI's stock. The analyst made
his recommendations on CNN.