Pioneer Electronic
   Pretax Earnings Fell
   In Its Third Quarter
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Despite expectations for more severe business conditions,
among them fierce competition in the domestic market and the
yen's appreciation, which hurts the company's results,
Pioneer didn't change its prediction for the full fiscal
year. Last autumn Pioneer forecast that its unconsolidated
pretax profit would come to 34.80 billion yen for the full
year, net income 19.20 billion yen and sales 422.20 billion
yen.
   Unconsolidated results exclude those of certain
subsidiaries of the company. Fullyear predictions for
consolidated results aren't available.
   With the latest results factored in, Pioneer's
consolidated pretax profit during the April-December period
came to 53.42 billion yen, down 16% from 63.42 billion yen in
the corresponding period a year ago. Net income was down 18%
to 25.44 billion yen from 30.97 billion yen. Pioneer's group
sales for the nine months gained 2.4% to 477.39 billion yen
from 466.37 billion a year ago.
   Due to favorable sales results for car electronics and
visual products, notably in the U.S., overseas sales during
the latest reporting period came to 104.96 billion yen, up
5.5% from 99.53 billion a year earlier. Steady growth in
audio and visual products helped push up domestic sales,
officials said. Domestic sales rose 6.7% to 80.32 billion yen
from 75.26 billion.
   Holding back profit during the latest reporting period was
largely the yen's appreciation, which reduced the value of
overseas sales in terms of yen, officials explained.