What's News --
   Business and Finance
Japanese car makers are preparing to raise prices on their
models sold in the U.S., in a move to defuse trade tension by
easing the competitive pressure on U.S. auto companies. The
increases would let the Japanese concerns keep profits up if
Tokyo, as expected, tightens car-export limits.
   ---
   UAL intends to reduce its capital spending by $3.6 billion
over the next three years. Under the plan, the airline
company is delaying the purchase of 122 Boeing aircraft.
   ---
   DeBartolo Inc. is negotiating to restructure $4.04 billion
in debt and is seeking to sell a substantial minority stake
in the real estate developer, according to bank documents,
which show the family-run concern faces a tighter cash
squeeze than surmised.
   ---
   Stocks rebounded while bond prices drifted lower and the
dollar advanced. The Dow Jones industrials gained 19.68 to
3245.08 in active trading. But Nasdaq issues slipped.
Treasury bond prices lost 3/8 point.
   ---
   Wheat prices soared amid speculation that the U.S. will
speed the allocation of loan guarantees for buying food to
the former Soviet republics.
   ---
   GTE, Ameritech, Nynex and Bell Atlantic are teaming up to
form a national cellular phone service in a challenge to
Cellular One, a venture of Southwestern Bell and McCaw.
   ---
   MGI Pharma halted human trials of a drug designed to limit
chemotherapy's side effects. MGI's stock plunged $11.625, or
52%, to $10.75.
   ---
   Mexico's government sold 66.5% of Multibanco Comermex, the
nation's fourth-largest bank, to an investor group for about
$872 million.
   ---
   Salomon launched a shake-up of management at the
securities firm's European and Asian divisions.
   ---
   Shaw Industries agreed to buy rival Salem Carpet Mills,
giving Shaw up to 32% of the U.S. carpet market. Shaw shares
jumped $4.125 to $44.
   ---
   Trump Organization's Stephen Bollenbach is leaving to
return to Marriott as chief financial officer.
   ---
   Compaq plans to make laser printers for networks of
personal computers, industry executives say.
   ---
   Lyondell Petrochemical said it has begun turning used
motor oil into gasoline, providing a possible solution to an
environmental problem.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 184,390,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3245.08, up 19.68; transportation 1388.83, up 5.61; utilities
207.44, up 1.19.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4221.80, off 7.13.
   Commodities: Oil $19.78 a barrel, off nine cents. Dow
Jones futures index 123.06, up 0.59; spot index 119.36, up
0.75.
   Dollar: 126.70 yen, up 1.40; 1.5773 marks, up 0.0188.