What's News --
   Business and Finance
IBM Chairman John Akers expects his base pay for 1991 to
total less than $1.6 million, down 40% from 1990, because the
computer maker had its first annual loss last year. Four
other top IBM executives are likely to receive similar pay
cuts.
   ---
   American Express is cutting fees paid by some merchants
for charge card and credit card transactions in a bid to stop
more businesses from refusing to accept the company's cards.
The cuts won't be across the board.
   ---
   Time Warner could pay its departing co-chief executive,
N.J. Nicholas, a compensation package totaling between $24
million and $44.5 million, according to company documents.
   ---
   Yields surged on short-term Treasury securities amid
speculation that the Fed won't cut interest rates. Yields on
30-year bonds also rose as their prices slipped half a point.
                                                                                                       

   Home mortgage rates climbed again last week, fueling
concern that the tentative recovery in home sales could stall
if the trend continues.
   ---
   USAir and Alaska Air matched United's bid to raise
domestic fares by 2%, but it isn't clear if the boost will
take hold across the industry. If it does, other industries
may follow with their own price increases.
   ---
   CBS hopes to break even or turn a profit on its Winter
Olympics coverage because of high ratings, surprising many
who predicted a loss.
   ---
   French food giant BSN launched a bid for Exor, through
which Italy's Agnelli family holds 35% of Perrier. BSN is
aiming to bolster its effort to split Perrier's assets with
Nestle.
   ---
   BCCI's Abu Dhabi shareholders agreed to put up $1.2
billion to $2.2 billion in fresh funds to make partial
repayments to the bank's creditors.
   ---
   The late Robert Maxwell's life insurers concluded he
probably killed himself, making it likely they will refuse to
pay $35 million in benefits.
   ---
   Pannell Kerr Forster is further scaling back the
accounting firm's office network while seeking new bank
financing in the wake of increased defections by partners and
clients.
   ---
   Short interest declined 1% on the Big Board and the
American Stock Exchange in the latest month.
   ---
   Silicone gel breast implant makers are staging a
last-ditch lobbying effort to persuade the FDA to allow more
women to get the devices than an agency panel recommended.
   ---
   Canadian consumer prices were up 1.6% in January from a
year earlier, the smallest rise in 21 years.
   ---
   CS First Boston posted a $215 million profit for 1991,
reversing a $587 million loss incurred under the weight of
soured "bridge" loans. General Electric's Kidder Peabody
reported a similar turnaround.
   ---
   Caterpillar workers staged a walkout at the company's
principal engine factory as the UAW escalated its partial
strike against the vehicle maker.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 259,540,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3280.19, off 0.45; transportation 1466.93, off 0.75;
utilities 204.24, off 2.70.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4166.86, off 13.99.
   Commodities: Oil $18.66 a barrel, off eight cents. Dow
Jones futures index 122.07, off 0.54; spot index 118.72, off
0.76.
   Dollar: 128.95 yen, up 0.37; 1.6560 marks, up 0.0112.