New Securities Issues
Shearson Lehman Holdings Inc. -- A $200 million issue of
8.375% notes, due Feb. 15, 1999, priced at 99.091 to yield
8.55%. The noncallable notes of the American Express Co. unit
were priced at a spread of 175 basis points over the
comparable U.S. Treasury note. The size of the issue was
increased from an originally planned $100 million. Rated
single-A-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by
Standard  Poor's Corp., the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc. Gross spread is
$6.25, selling concession is $3.75 and reallowance is $2.50.
   KFW International Finance Inc. -- A $200 million issue of
7.625% notes, due Feb. 15, 2004, was priced at 99.34 to yield
7.71%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 50
basis points over the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated triple-A
by both Moody's and SP, the issue will be sold through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co. Selling concession
is $4 and reallowance is $2.50.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Providential Corp. -- An initial public offering of 4.2
million common shares was priced at $16 a share through
underwriters led by Prudential Securities Inc.
   Southwest Airlines Co. -- An issue of 2,175,000 common
shares was priced at $36 a share through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co. The size of the issue was increased from
two million shares.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency -- $242.1 million
residential development revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, B, and
C, due May 15, and Nov. 15, 1992-2004, 2009, 2021, and 2024,
were tentatively priced by a Goldman, Sachs  Co. group to
yield from 3.00% in 1992 to 6.95% in 2021 and 2024. Series A
consists of $56.8 million of bonds due 1992-2004, 2009 and
2024. Current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from
3.00% in 1992 to 6.50% in 2004. There are $13.8 million term
6.88% bonds priced at par, due Nov. 15, 2009; $22.4 million
term 6.95% bonds priced at par, due Nov. 15, 2024. Series B
consists of $4.8 milion of bonds due in 1995. The single
tranche of bonds is not formally reoffered to investors. The
Series B bonds also are federally taxable. Series C consists
of $180.5 milion of bonds due 1992-2004, 2009 and 2021.
Current interest serial bonds are priced at par to yield from
3.00% in 1992 to 6.50% in 2004. There are $46.4 million of
6.88% term bonds priced at par, due Nov. 15, 2009, and $66.8
million of 6.95% term bonds priced at par, due Nov. 15, 2021.
The bonds are expected to gain insurance from the Federal
National Mortgage Association and would then be rated
triple-A by both Moody's and by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500.1 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Goldman Sachs. The offering, Series
199245, is backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage securities. The
weighted average lives assume prepayments at 160% of the PSA
Model. The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of
8.65% and weighted average remaining term to maturity of
29.67 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- A $450 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Kidder, Peabody
 Co. The offering, Series 1992 G-20, is backed by Government
National Mortgage Association 9% mortgage securities. The
weighted average lives assume prepayments at 150% of the PSA
Model. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- A $400 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Lehman
Brothers. The offering, Series 1992 G-21, is backed by
Government National Mortgage Association 9.50% mortgage
securities. The collateral has a weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 27.5 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- A $302.1 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Kidder Peabody.
The offering, Series 1992-44, is backed by Fannie Mae 15-year
7.50% mortgage securities. The weighted average lives assume
prepayments at 170% of the PSA Model. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 8.15% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 14.67 years. The issue settles
April 30.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- A $300 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Bear, Stearns 
Co. The offering, Series 1992-42, is backed by Fannie Mae
stripped 8.50%. The weighted average lives assume prepayments
at 200% of the PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 9.125% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 29.33 years. The issue settles March 30.
                                                                                                       

                          AGENCY
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- A $250 issue of
debentures, due Feb. 19, 2002, was priced at par to yield
7.68%. The debentures, noncallable for one year, were priced
at a spread of 48 basis points above the Treasury's
when-issued 10-year note. The securities are being offered by
underwriters at Prudential Securities Inc.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- A $150 million issue
of notes, due Feb. 18, 1999, priced at par to yield 7.19%.
The notes, which are noncallable for one year, were priced at
a spread of 42 basis points above the comparable Treasury.
The issue will be sold through underwriters at Lehman
Brothers Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Kingdom of Sweden -- Auctioned three billion kronor of
11.50% bonds due Sept. 1, 1995, at average yield of 10.06%,
via National Debt Office.
   Deutsche Finance Netherlands B.V. (German parent) -- 500
million marks of 8.25% public bonds due March 12, 1996,
priced at 102, via Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 1.75.
   Swedish National Housing Finance Corp. (Sweden) -- 300
million European currency units of 8.625% Eurobonds due March
3, 1997, at an issue price of 101.325 via UBS Phillips  Drew
Ltd. Reoffered at 99.70 to yield 8.70% annually. Fees 0.25.
   Eksportfinans (Norway) -- 250 million ECUs of 8.75%
Eurobonds due Feb. 27, 1996, at an issue price of 101.375 via
Nikko Securities Co. Europe. Reoffered at 99.95 to yield
8.765% annually. Fees 1.625.
   Deutsche Ausgleichsbank (Germany) -- 75 million marks of
dual-coupon, reverse floating rate notes due Nov. 26, 2001,
and priced at par, via Trinkaus  Burkhardt. Coupon 10% for
the first 15 months, then 22% less twice the six-month London
interbank offered rate. Fees undisclosed.
   Alisa 3 (special purpose vehicle) -- Total of $262.5
million of notes in two separate transactions via Nomura
International; $210 million floating rate notes due Feb 13,
1997, floats at a margin of 110 basis points above the
six-month London interbank offered rate and $52.5 million of
8% notes due Feb 13, 1997, issued at par. Backed by
securitized adjustable rate mortgages. Fees 1.
   DSL Bank (Deutsche Siedlungsund Landesbank) (Germany) --
$200 million of 6.50% Eurobonds due March 18, 1996, at an
issue price of 101.425 via Nomura International PLC.
Reoffered at par to yield 6.5% annually, a spread of 50 basis
points above the interpolated Treasury curve. Fees 1.625.
   Sumitomo Heavy Industries (Japan) -- $170 million of 3%
Eurobonds with equity-warrants attached due March 5, 1996, at
an issue price of par via Daiwa Europe Ltd. Guaranteed by
Sumitomo Bank Ltd. Terms will be fixed Monday. Exercise
period of the warrants will run from March 19 to Feb. 20,
1996. Fees 2.25.
   City of Helsinki (Finland) -- 150 million Swiss francs of
6.625% public bonds due March 18, 2004, priced at 101.75 via
Union Bank of Switzerland. Fees 3.
   Swedmortgage (Sweden) -- 100 million Swiss francs of 7.25%
subordinated public bonds due March 26, 2002, priced at
101.00 via Credit Suisse. Fees 2.875.