International:
   Japan Reports
   Another Surge
   In Trade Surplus
   ---
   Total Leaped to $3.84 Billion
   In January; Imports Fell,
   Exports Expanded 9.7%
   ----
   By Jane-Ellen Rosenberger
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The trade surplus with the U.S. rose for the sixth
straight month, climbing 2.4% to $2.45 billion from $2.40
billion. Exports to the U.S. increased 1% to $6.73 billion.
Auto exports fell 19.4% in volume and 12.3% in value. Imports
from the U.S. inched up 0.3% to $4.29 billion. But excluding
a near-quadrupling in the volume of aircraft imports during
the month, imports from the U.S. actually dropped 2%.
   Many analysts said the numbers were in line with
expectations and noted that January figures can be skewed by
Japan's long New Year's holidays. Nevertheless, most analysts
expect the surplus to widen through the year. One of the
lessons from the January figures is that they show that "a
stubborn recession in the U.S. isn't going to stop Japanese
exporters from selling their products," said Jesper Koll,
chief economist at S.G. Warburg Securities (Japan) Inc.
   Mr. Koll said the 9.7% gain in overall exports in January
shows that Japanese producers are selling their "record large
inventory buildup into the overseas market." He noted in
particular that exports to the Middle East had tripled from a
year earlier.
   "This indicates that the Japanese are very quick to
benefit from the rebuilding of infrastructure in the Middle
East as well as a rekindling of consumer appetite in the
Middle East now that the Gulf War is over," Mr. Koll said.
   Mr. Koll predicted that Japan's trade surplus would rise
to $85 billion in 1992 from $78.2 billion last year. Japanese
manufacturers' "inventory destocking" will last for six
months or so, he says, with the main effect being that Japan
will increase its share of overseas markets. "It's basically
going to be very difficult to stop the ongoing trade surplus
expansion."
   Similarly, Kermit L. Schoenholtz, director of economics
research at Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd., forecasts record
current-account surpluses, above $100 billion, for this year
and next. He said further appreciation of the yen would help
narrow the imbalance over time, but the short-term effects of
the currency's appreciation could boost Japan's trade
surplus.
   (A rise in the yen's value makes foreign goods more
affordable for Japanese and drives up prices for Japanese
goods abroad, thus encouraging higher imports and lower
exports. But in the short-term, a rising yen increases
Japan's surplus, because it raises the dollar value of
yen-denominated exports.)
   Exports in January climbed for the 20th month, rising 9.7%
to $23.94 billion from $21.81 billion. Auto exports rose
12.6% in value, to $5.1 billion, and 2.1% in volume. But
imports dropped 3.8% to $20.1 billion from $20.9 billion, for
the fifth straight year-on-year monthly decline. A 33.5%
decline in the price of oil from a year earlier was the main
factor in the drop in overall imports. Oil imports dropped
23.8% in value, but rose 14.6% in volume. Oil prices fell to
$19.02 per barrel from $28.60 a barrel a year earlier.
   The surplus with the European Community jumped 34.5% to
$2.16 billion. Exports rose 12.4% to $5.06 billion, including
a 24% jump in the value of auto exports. Imports inched up
0.2% to $2.9 billion, helped by a 51% increase in meat
products and a 19.4% rise in alcoholic-drink imports.
   For exports, the value of the yen for the latest month was
126.05 to the dollar, compared with 135.30 a year earlier.