Settlement Reached in Suit
   Over '89 United Air Crash
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
The nine plaintiffs -- seven survivors of the crash and
the families of two of the people who were killed -- are
understood to have received millions of dollars under the
pact, but attorneys for both sides declined to disclose
settlement details.
   The plane crashed as a result of a flawed engine fan disk,
which disintegrated about an hour after the plane took off
from Denver. The part failure sent shards of metal into the
plane's hydraulic system, damaging it so that the craft
became nearly imposssible to steer. Crew members managed to
bring the Chicago-bound jumbo jet to just above a runway of
the Sioux City airport in Iowa before it ultimately crashed,
exploded and cartwheeled into a cornfield. A total of 112
people on the plane were killed, but 184 survived their
injuries.
   The plaintiffs sought damages from United, a unit of UAL
Corp.; McDonnell Douglas Corp., maker of the aircraft;
General Electric Co., which made the jet engines; and
Aluminum Co. of America, which forged the titanium used for
the flawed aircraft part.
   Yesterday's announcement brought to more than 200 the
number of claims related to the crash that have been settled.
A further 41 state cases in Chicago and 12 in Baltimore await
trial.