World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Slide as Blue Chip Issues Stay
   On Downward Trend; London Stock Prices Firm
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Tuesday, the Nikkei index fell 76.87 points to close
the morning session at 20720.81.
   Monday's first-section volume was estimated at 180 million
shares, down from 255.3 million shares on Friday. Losers far
outnumbered gainers, 772-191, and 145 issues ended unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first
section issues, which lost 3.28 points Friday, skidded 18.02,
or 1.19%, to 1502.43.
   The market opened lower after a Sunday by-election defeat
for Japan's ruling party, but this had already been factored
into the market and had little effect on stocks. Blue-chip
shares, despite a moderate recovery late in the session,
continued their recent downward movements because of
pessimistic earnings estimates. Buying interest further dried
up ahead of Friday's special quotations for March futures and
options contracts, leaving the stock market unable to absorb
a relatively small amount of corporate selling linked to
end-of-March fiscal account closings. Arbitrage selling also
pressured stocks. Selective buying of pharmaceutical and
biotechnology shares that had recently been supporting the
market lost steam. Foreigners were inactive.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index rose 17.6 points to 2550.7, just below the intraday
high of 2552.3. The FT 30-stock index climbed 15.8 points to
1984.4. Volume was 383.6 million shares, compared with 538.4
million shares in the previous session.
   Share prices' gains were viewed as a markup ahead of
today's presentation of Britain's government budget, though
the increases came amid the patchy volume and little fresh
news to buoy stocks. Thus, some traders suggested that the
price moves resulted from efforts by market makers to lure
investors into buying in anticipation of a mildly bullish
budget statement. The government spending package is expected
to be tight in some areas while encouraging fiscal stimulus
to ignite the economy and win votes, as the ruling
Conservatives must schedule a general election by mid-year.
Several companies began trading ex-dividend Monday, but this
didn't have a significant effect on the market.
   In Frankfurt, stock prices ended slightly higher in
generally thin dealings ahead of dividend decisions this week
from the three big chemical companies. The DAX 30-stock index
added 4.30 points to 1750.25.
   In Paris, stocks climbed steadily to end higher, despite a
thin market because of family vacations.
   Elsewhere in Europe, Milan had its ninth losing session in
a row, amid a weak showing by banks and insurers. Istituto
Bancario San Paolo di Torino, Italy's largest commercial
bank, said it would sell 125 million ordinary shares for
12,200 lire ($9.76) each in an international initial public
offering next Monday. The price was at the lower end of
market expectations. The offering, representing 20% of
capital, will raise 1.525 trillion lire ($1.22 billion) for
the Turin-based bank, which has been restructured into a
joint stock company, now wholly owned by San Paolo Holding,
which in turn also controls the long-term industrial credit
institution Crediop, a financial services group and a few
minority shareholdings in foreign companies.
   Seoul shares ended higher because of a rally by big
manufacturing issues. But the other big Asian and Pacific
exchanges logged declines. Sydney stocks fell for the fifth
session in a row. Hong Kong equities' tumble was led by
banks, utilities and property companies. Taipei stocks' sharp
fall was attributed partly to a slump in the financial
sector.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British
Telecommunications eased 1 pence to 333 pence ($5.72). The
company, formerly a government monopoly, confirmed that it
plans to cut its work force 10% to 12%, a reduction of as
many as 24,000 jobs, in the year ending March 31, 1993. BT
said it hopes to achieve as many of the reductions as
possible on a voluntary basis. In the past two years, BT
already cut 30,000 jobs. BT, which is highly profitable, said
it would take advantage of the money it has spent on
labor-saving technology.
   Steetley rose 7, or 1.8%, to 387, and Redland jumped 11,
or 2.5%, to 458. Steetley rejected as "inadequate and
unacceptable" a sweetened takeover bid from the rival
building materials concern Redland, and urged shareholders to
reject the proposal. Steetley said that the increased offer
had already been "eroded" by a fall in Redland's share price
and that the cash alternative represented only a 2% premium
over the initial partial cash alternative. Redland on Friday
announced a final offer for Steetley, valuing it at #634
million ($1.09 billion), up from #615 million in the initial
bid. The sweetened offer includes a new share-swap parity,
valuing each Steetley share at 394.5 pence, compared with
384.6 pence when the bid was launched Dec. 10. A full cash
alternative values each Steetley share at 365 pence.
   In Paris, Cie. de Suez closed at 336 French francs
($59.30), down 0.40. The Banque Indosuez banking subsidiary's
1991 profit, after payments to minority interests, fell 13%
to 805 million francs ($142.1 million) from a year earlier.
Indosuez blamed the decline primarily on lower special
capital gains, which fell 48% to 362 million francs.
Underlying banking activities showed healthy growth, with
operating profit rising 57% to 1.37 billion francs.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                 % This
                              Mar 6     Mar 5     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ...................   378.8     380.8     - 2.9
   Britain ................   755.1     756.5     + 2.4
   Canada .................   398.8     400.6     + 0.8
   Japan ..................   874.3     876.6     -11.6
   France .................   555.9     557.5     +11.1
   Germany ................   270.7     271.9     +11.3
   Hong Kong ..............  3604.2    3649.4     +16.4
   Switzerland ............   223.8     226.1     + 9.1
   Australia ..............   342.5     343.5     - 2.5
   World index ............   500.4     502.0     - 6.5
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization
                                                                                                       

                       (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

 ISSUE (COUNTRY)                             CLOSE    %CHG
                                                                                                       

                        WINNING ISSUES

 Norske Bank A Frie (Norway) ............    18.0    +71.4
 Gota A (Sweden) ........................    26.0    +44.4
 Norske Data B (Norway) .................     8.50   +41.7
 Nobel Industrier (Sweden) ..............    18.0    +38.5
 USG (U.S.) .............................     1.625  +30.0
 Dainippon Pharmaceutical (Japan) .......  1900.0    +26.7
 Mochida Pharmaceutical (Japan) .........  4000.0    +20.5
 Hennes  Mauritz B (Sweden) ............   716.0    +20.3
 Esselte B (Sweden) .....................   148.0    +20.3
 Esselte A (Sweden) .....................   150.0    +20.0
                                                                                                       

                      LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Koito Mfg. (Japan) .....................  1050.0    -50.7
 Greycoat (England) .....................     0.470  -21.7
 Mountleigh Group (England) .............     0.070  -20.0
 Asturiana de Zinc (Spain) ..............  2860.0    -17.1
 Amper (Spain) ..........................   418.0    -17.1
 Latina Assicurazioni (Italy) ...........  3320.0    -16.2
 Memtec (Australia) .....................     1.250  -15.0
 European Leisure (England) .............     0.060  -14.3
 Ipsco (Canada) .........................    19.250  -14.0
 Joshin Denki (Japan) ...................  1460.0    -13.6
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective