Credit Ratings
BORDEN Inc. (New York) -- Moody's Investors Service Inc.
lowered the rating on $1.5 billion of Borden's long-term debt
to single-A-2 from single-A-1 because of an uncertain profit
outlook for the food company. The rating agency said that
some Borden operations remain strong and that Borden
generates enough cash to cover its existing needs. But
Moody's said Borden will have trouble providing enough of a
margin of protection for debt holders. It cited Borden's
further $70 million write-off in 1991, following earlier
write-offs, related to a restructuring started in 1989.
Borden officials couldn't be reached for comment on the
downgrade.
   ---
   SCECORP (Rosemead, Calif.) -- Moody's Investors Service
lowered the long-term credit ratings of SCE's Southern
California Edison Co. subsidiary. The rating agency said the
utility's "financial flexibility will continue to be burdened
by a high proportion of debt." Ratings lowered are: First and
refunding mortgage bonds and secured pollution control bonds,
to double-A-3 from double-A-2; unsecured pollution control
bonds to single- A-1 from double-A-3; and cumulative
preferred stock, to double-A-3 from double-A-2. The Prime-1
short-term debt rating remains unchanged and wasn't under
review. The guaranteed notes of SCE Capital Co., the
utility's financing subsidiary, were lowered to single-A-1
from double-A-3. A spokesman for SCEcorp. said two other
rating agencies in the past two weeks gave Southern
California Edison debt favorable ratings. The spokesman said
Duff  Phelps upgraded the utility's bond rating to double-A
from double-A-minus and Standard  Poor's Corp. affirmed its
double-A rating.