Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Are Mixed on Big Volume,
   Hinting That Momentum Is Lost
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The fact that prices move little in such heavy trading
indicates that the market has lost the bullish conviction it
had last month, said Tom Gallagher, head equities trader at
Oppenheimer  Co. "The bulls have the edge one day, and the
bears have it the next," he said.
   Mr. Gallagher is troubled by "divergence," which means
market barometers pointing in different directions. Such
conflicting readings suggest investors are too confused to
buy stocks with the conviction necessary to raise prices.
   On the other hand, traders note that investors haven't let
stocks fall much, either.
   Investors are drawn to stocks because of increasing signs
that the economy will rebound in 1992 and because yields on
many fixed-income investments are particularly low. But
investors coming into the stock market now are confronted by
high prices. The result: high volume but a lack of conviction
on which stocks to buy.
   Yesterday, for instance, expectations of an economic
pickup were reinforced by news of increased sales at
department stores last month. A composite index of 11 major
retailers' sales at comparable stores -- those open a year or
more -- prepared by Dean Witter Reynolds rose 8% in January
from a year before. That's the strongest month since February
1990, which was up 8.1%, said Patrick McCormack, retail
analyst at Dean Witter.
   But market reaction wasn't uniform among stocks of
companies whose fortunes are tied to the economic cycle.
   Most retailing stocks rose: Sears Roebuck gained 1 1/2 to
43 7/8, J.C. Penney jumped 2 1/2 to 59 7/8, and Kmart added 1
7/8 to 52 3/4. Major banks also gained because investors see
a recovery boosting their depressed real estate portfolios.
Chase Manhattan gained 1 1/4 to 22 3/8, Citicorp added 1 to
16 7/8, and First Interstate climbed 1 1/2 to 37 5/8.
   Shares of commodity chemical makers, which need a strong
economic recovery to post strong earnings, also jumped. Union
Carbide added 7/8 to 24, Dow Chemical gained 1 1/2 to 56 1/2,
and Du Pont advanced 1 1/8 to 48 1/4.
   But home-building issues languished, even though builders'
earnings would be expected to jump in a recovery while
interest rates are low. Ryland Group lost 1/4 to 27 1/8, and
Clayton Homes dropped 5/8 to 20 3/4. Steel, another "deep
cyclical" group, also fell. Bethlehem Steel lost 1/2 to 13
7/8, and Armco fell 1/8 to 5 1/8.
   Goodyear Tire helped depress the industrial average with
its 1 1/4-point drop to 62 1/8. The tire maker was downgraded
by Salomon Brothers analyst Robert Bishop to a "hold" from a
"buy;" he said the stock is too expensive and that an
expected turnaround in the tire industry is already built
into its price. He added that the although the company's
earnings should continue rising, Goodyear could hit some
"short-term bumps" in the next five or six months, such as
increased competition from other U.S. tire makers.
   Eastman Kodak, which dragged the industrial average down
Wednesday with its 4 1/4-point drop on surprisingly weak
earnings, rose 1/4 to 46 3/4.
   Owens-Corning soared 7 5/8 to 36 1/2 on heavy trading of
4,667,200 shares, compared with a daily average of 299,635.
Analysts were encouraged that the maker of glass fiber and
polyester resins took a onetime charge of $800 million to
cover asbestos litigation. Merrill Lynch analyst Jonathan
Goldfarb raised his rating on the stock to "above average"
from "neutral," explaining that the charge removes an
"enormous uncertainty" for investors.
   Tenneco jumped 2 3/8 to 36 1/4 after the oil, gas and
heavy machinery concern reported a loss of 17 cents a share
in the fourth quarter, rather than the 52-cents-a-share loss
projected in a survey of 10 analysts conducted by First Call,
a unit of Thompson Financial Networks. The company said
continuing effects of the recession would damp its
performance in the first quarter of 1992.
   Borden Chemicals added 1 3/4 to 20 3/4 after First Boston
chemical analyst Peter Butler reiterated a "strong buy" on
the stock. He couldn't be reached for comment.
   Spelling Entertainment gained 1 1/2 to 6 1/4. The
television and movie producer announced that Charter, a
petroleum marketing concern, had offered to buy the 18% of
Spelling that it doesn't already own.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index jumped 1.01
to 416.25.