Your Money Matters:
   What the Bush Tax Plan Would Mean for You
   ----
   By Ellen E. Schultz
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
But not everyone will be getting a clearcut break. People
selling their home at a net loss this year, those considering
selling stocks or other appreciated property, and those
contemplating withdrawing money from IRAs will have to
carefully evaluate whether the proposed changes are
beneficial.
   And these are just proposals; they could be drastically
changed as they go through Congress.
                                                                                                       

   CAPITAL GAINS: The proposed laddered treatment would lower
the maximum tax on capital gains to 23.8% from 28% on
investments held one year, to 19.6% for investments held two
years, and 15.4% on investments held three years.
   For example, if an investor sells stock after a year and
incurs a gain of $50,000, the tax would be $11,900 at the
23.8% rate. If the same investor waits another year before
selling, the tax at 19.6% would be $9,800, a savings of
$2,100.
   But tax advisers caution investors to first consider the
economics of the investment. The risk of holding an
investment for another year just to get a tax break may not
make sense.
   Also, an investor who sells gets cash that can be
invested. "I'd say unload the stock if it's a dog," says
Thomas Ochsenschlager, a partner in the Washington office of
accountants Grant Thornton. "You can easily find an
investment that will do better."
   One problem: Investors will have even more of a
record-keeping burden than now.
                                                                                                       

   FIRST-TIME HOME BUYERS: First-time home buyers would
receive a tax credit of 10% of the purchase price of the
home, up to $5,000. The credit, half of which would be taken
in 1992 and half in 1993, would be available regardless of
income level, so long as the home is purchased between Feb.
1, 1992, and Jan. 1, 1993. To qualify as "first-time" buyers,
the purchasers could not have owned a home for at least three
years.
   What would the credit be worth? An individual who has not
owned a home for at least three years buys a home for
$120,000. He would be entitled to the maximum tax credit of
$5,000, spread over two years. His 1992 taxes would be
reduced by $2,500, and his 1993 taxes would also be reduced
by the same amount. A tax credit, unlike a deduction, is a
straight dollar-for-dollar reduction of the tax owed.
   First-time home buyers would also be able to withdraw up
to $10,000 from IRAs without paying the usual 10% penalty.
But tax professionals say there is little value in this
provision. While a withdrawal of, say, $1,000 would escape a
$100 penalty, the individual would still owe taxes on the
entire withdrawal. At a combined federal and state tax rate
of 35%, there would only be $650 dollars left to apply to the
home purchase.
                                                                                                       

   HELP WITH COLLEGE COSTS: Taxpayers could deduct interest
on loans used to pay for college or post-high school
vocational training, beginning July 1. This would be of
little value to homeowners who can borrow against their home
for college tuition and deduct the interest on this home
equity loan. But it would provide an attractive option for
non-homeowners and homeowners who have used up their home
equity line of credit.
   Currently, rates on unsecured loans to pay for college
tuition range from about 9.75% to 14%. A family that has
borrowed $50,000 to send the kids to college would be paying
$4,875 in interest the first year at 9.75%, and $7,000 in
interest at 14%. The value of the tax deduction would be
worth about $1,706 and $2,450, respectively, says Martin
Shenkman, a New York tax attorney.
   Taxpayers could also withdraw money from IRAs to pay for
college without paying the 10% penalty. But tax advisers
don't recommend doing so. "If parents could deduct interest
on loans to pay for college, it would almost never make any
sense to pay all the tax on an IRA withdrawal," says Mr.
Ochsenschlager of Grant Thornton.
                                                                                                       

   FLEXIBLE IRA: Individuals with incomes up to $60,000, and
couples with incomes up to $120,000, could contribute $2,500
a person to these accounts. Earnings grow tax-deferred and
will remain free from taxation once the money has been in the
account for seven years.
   People would be allowed to roll money from existing IRAs
into the flexible IRA, but money in deductible IRAs that is
rolled into a FIRA would be fully taxed. That could lop off
35% of so (depending on one's combined tax rate) right off
the top. Even with the subsequent tax-free buildup, that's a
blow that would be tough to recover from. Softening the blow,
somewhat: The tax would be paid over four years.
                                                                                                       

   ADDITIONAL TAX ALLOWANCE FOR CHILDREN: The proposal would
increase the personal exemption for each child to $2,800 from
the current $2,300.
   For example, take a family with three children under age
18 and income of $40,000, which does not itemize deductions.
Currently, the family's federal income tax would be $3,720.
The larger personal exemption for children, which would begin
on Oct. 1, 1992, would reduce the family's tax by only $56.25
in 1992, according to Treasury Department figures. In 1993,
with the larger personal exemption for children in effect for
the full year, the tax reduction would be $225.
   The increased exemption would be phased out beginning with
families having gross income above $157,000.
   SELLING A HOME AT A LOSS: At first glance, this proposed
break might make homeowners salivate. If they sell a home at
a loss after Feb. 1 they can deduct the loss to the extent
that it exceeds 10% of their income. But many sellers will
find that this provision would actually have little impact on
their taxes because they don't have true losses.
   Though many homeowners have been tearing their hair out
because of the slide in real estate prices, "there aren't too
many people who have a real loss," says Mr. Ochsenschlager of
Grant Thornton. While the home prices may indeed have
declined in recent years, many homeowners may be carrying
gains from the sale of previous homes.
   It works like this: Say a couple bought a home for
$100,000, sold it for $150,000, and bought a home for
$200,000. If they sell the second home for less than what
they paid -- say $160,000 -- they may assume they have a
"loss." They don't. In fact, they have a $10,000 deferred
gain.
   But those poor souls who bought at the top of the market,
and were not deferring gains, would get a break. For example,
a taxpayer with $120,000 in adjusted gross income with a loss
of $75,000 on the home sale would have a deductible loss of
$63,000-$75,000 less 10% of $120,000, according to Mr.
Shenkman, the New York tax attorney. Someone in the 31% tax
bracket would get a tax benefit of about $19,500.