Scholastic Corp. Is Testing the Waters
   For an Initial Public Offering Again
   ----
   By Lourdes Lee Valeriano
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
At the time of the postponement, Richard Robinson,
chairman, chief executive officer and president, said it was
best not to proceed with the offering, given the volatility
of the market.
   But times have changed. "It's like night and day," says
Robert Natale, an analyst for Standard  Poor's Corp. In late
1990, battered by a weak economy and concerns over the
Persian Gulf crisis, "the new-issues market had completely
dried up," he said. Now, demand for new issues is very strong
and investors have begun to take a new interest in publishing
stocks.
   In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Scholastic
said 3,250,000 shares would be sold by the company and
1,050,000 by shareholders, including relatives of founder
Maurice Robinson.
   The offering would increase common shares outstanding to
10.2 million and would value the company as high as $214
million. About 9.6 million shares of the total would be
common stock and the remainder Class A voting shares.
   If this attempt flies, new investors would be paying as
much as 13 times the original investment of existing
shareholders, who shelled out an average of $1.60 a share
just four years ago when Scholastic went private in a
leveraged buy-out led by Richard Robinson that valued the
company at about $100 million.
   The company, which has operations in the U.S., Canada,
United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand, appears to have
fared well since it went private. Most of its business is in
childrens' books, which grew 21% in the year ended in May.
   That year, earnings jumped to $13.8 million on revenue of
$422.9 million from $2.8 million on revenue of $374.6 million
the year before. Net interest expense, meanwhile, totaled
$13.7 million in fiscal 1991 and $14.3 million in fiscal
1990.
   In the first half of this fiscal year, revenue rose to
$228 million from $200.6 million, although net slipped to
$4.7 million from $5.1 million because of a $2.5 million
nonrecurring charge related to a planned relocation of its
New York headquarters.
   The offering would reduce the existing shareholders' stake
to 68.1%. Richard Robinson, a son of Maurice, plans to sell
256,000 shares, reducing his holding of common stock to about
1.9 million shares.
   But most of the voting power would still rest with Richard
Robinson and two trusts controlled by Maurice Robinson's
descendants, who control 95% of the 562,100 Class A voting
shares. The prospectus states that common stock holders will
be able to elect one-fifth of the board.
   Scholastic plans to use the money from its share of the
sale, which could be as much as $67.2 million, to redeem
$54.7 million in subordinated and junior subordinated
debentures. It's debt stood at $114.8 million at the end of
November. It hasn't paid dividends since 1986 and has no
plans to pay dividends on its common stock or Class A stock,
the prospectus said.
   It added that 3.4 million shares will be sold in the U.S.
and 900,000 overseas. The underwriters of the offering are
Goldman, Sachs  Co. and Alex. Brown  Sons Inc. The company
is seeking a listing in the National Market System of the
over-the-counter market.