New Stock Listings
The Big Board began trading the following initial
offerings: Federated Department Stores Inc., Cincinnati, a
general merchandise retail chain, on a when-issued basis
under FD.WI; Integon Corp., Winston-Salem, N.C., an
underwriter of individual non-standard auto insurance, under
IN; and Preferred Income Opportunity Fund Inc., Pasadena,
Calif., a closed-end management fund, under PFO.
   The Big Board also began trading Vencor Inc., Louisville,
Ky., a provider of long-term hospital care, which previously
traded over the counter, under VC.
                                                                                                       

   The National Market System of the over-the-counter market
began trading the following initial offerings: Univax
Biologies Inc., Rockville, Md., a vaccines and
immunotherapeutic products concern, under UNVX; EcoScience
Corp., Worcester, Mass., a biopesticide concern, under ECSC;
Medical Diagnostics Inc., Burlington, Mass., a provider of
mobile Magnetic Resonance Imaging services to regional
patients and hospitals, under MDIX; and Sayett Group Inc.,
Pittsford, N.Y., a high-technology projection equipment
concern, under SAYT.
                                                                                                       

   The Chicago Board Options Exchange began trading options
on North American Vaccine Inc., Montreal, a developer of
vaccines for treatment of childhood diseases, under NVX; and
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co., Copiague, N.Y., a pharmaceutical
concern, under BLR.
                                                                                                       

   The American Stock Exchange also began trading options on
North American Vaccine Inc., under NVX.