World Markets:
   Tokyo Equities Plummet as Pessimism Deepens;
   London Stocks Dive on Election Outlook, Budget
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
In Tokyo, the Nikkei 225-stock index, which added 56.91
points Tuesday, skidded 262.45, or 1.26%, to 20592.14. At the
end of 1991, the Nikkei stood at 22983.77.
   On Thursday, the Nikkei index eased 25.05 points to close
the morning session at 20567.09.
   Wednesday's first-section volume was estimated at 250
million shares, compared with 230.6 million shares on
Tuesday. Losers swamped gainers, 745-222, and 155 issues were
unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first
section issues, which lost 7.64 points Tuesday, slumped
16.31, or 1.09%, to 1478.48.
   Blue chips continued spiraling down, with many sinking to
new lows as corporate investors dumped stocks, including
those in tokkin specified money trusts, ahead of the March 31
fiscal year-end book closing, in an effort to minimize losses
before prices fell further. Major companies' stocks set the
pace of declines, reflecting heavy holdings of these shares
by corporate investors. These investors had expected a market
recovery this month, but the recent continuing market slump
shattered such hopes. Life insurance companies also are
readjusting their holdings.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index lost 52.4 points, or 2%, to 2522.4, which also was the
intraday low and the biggest one-day decline since last
summer's 80.5-point plunge. The FT 30-stock index plummeted
40.6 points, or 2%, to 1966.0.
   Prices were already in a downward spiral in the early
afternoon when British Prime Minister John Major decided to
dissolve Parliament and call a national election for April 9.
This followed day-earlier publication of the government's
fiscal 1993 budget, which received a cool reception from
London's financial community.
   From its midsession lows, the London market shed an
additional 30 points in the afternoon in the wake of the
election announcement, even though the date had been
anticipated. But the proposed increase in the budget deficit
became an issue, undermining confidence that the ruling
Conservative Party can win the election.
   In Frankfurt, share prices drifted lower. The DAX 30-stock
index declined 7.12 points to 1743.42. Elsewhere in Europe,
stocks declined overall. Stockholm shares' slide stopped a
nine-session rally.
   But in Hong Kong, shares surged in extremely heavy trading
to a record, easily smashing through the 5000 level on the
Hang Seng Index, jumping 87.01 points, or 1.77%, to 5005.96
on strong corporate earnings news.
   Among corporate developments, in London's sinking market,
Standard Chartered fell 7 pence, or 1.5%, to 456 pence
($7.83). The bank's 1991 pretax profit advanced 37% to #205.3
million ($352.5 million) from a year earlier, aided by lower
bad-debt charges and gains in non-interest income. The
dividend was unchanged at 20 pence a share, in line with
market expectations, as were the earnings, which came in at
the top of the predicted range.
   Willis Corroon dropped 7, or 2.8%, to 247. The insurance
broker's pretax profit rose 18% to #96.1 million in 1991, the
first full year of combined results from Willis Faber and
Corroon  Black, combined in October 1990. The results were
in line with analysts' expectations, as was the unchanged
dividend at 13.2 pence a share. On a pro forma basis, profit
fell 8% because of an 11% decline in investment income amid a
flat operating performance.
   Hillsdown Holdings rose 3, or 1.8%, to 172. The food
concern's 1991 pretax profit fell 2.3% to #186.8 million
because of a big drop in poultry earnings, but the results
topped previous expectations. The 10% dividend boost to 8.8
pence a share met or exceeded analysts' hopes.
   BTR slumped 13, or 3.3%, to 386. The industrial holding
company's 1991 pretax profit eased 3% to #917 million,
because of volume declines in most of its main markets and
#56 million of restructuring costs. Year-earlier pretax
profit was restated to #945 million from #966 million,
following a series of acquisitions last year. The latest
results were in line with earlier forecasts. BTR proposed a
4.8% increase in the dividend to 16.50 pence a share.
   In Frankfurt, Bayer declined 1.20 marks to 294 marks
($176.05). The chemical company's 1991 net income fell 2.6%
to 1.853 billion marks ($1.11 billion), but investors were
cheered that the company kept its dividend at 13 marks a
share. Pretax profit eased 4.8% to 3.2 billion marks on group
sales that rose 1.8% to 42.4 billion marks.
   Deutsche Babcock jumped 6.90, or 3.9%, to 181.90. The
industrial company said its consolidated group sales for the
first five months of the year that began Oct. 1 rose 5.4% to
2.05 billion marks. It also reiterated that it expects
current-year profit to match the 31.9 million marks of
earnings a year earlier.
   In Amsterdam, Grolsch Bierbrouwerij gained 3 guilders, or
1.5%, to 207 guilders ($110.19). The brewer's 1991 earnings
rose 10% to 41.9 million guilders ($22.3 million). Sales
soared 67% to 791.5 million guilders because of the
acquisition of the German brewer Wickuler Group.
   Gist-Brocades advanced 1, or 2.9%, to 35.90. The
biotechnology company's 1991 profit more than tripled to 219
million guilders from the year-earlier 67 million guilders,
because of a huge extraordinary gain from the sale of its
Pharm division that was only partly offset by one-time losses
of 88 million guilders related to depreciation of fixed
assets and costs for reorganizing Gist's operations in
Portugal. Excluding special items, profit rose 28% to 87
million guilders. The dividend was maintained at 1.30
guilders a share.
   Hunter Douglas Groep declined 2.30, or 3.1%, to 72.20. The
window-coverings and architectural-products concern's 1991
profit fell 30% to 71.4 million guilders, undermined by
restructuring costs, losses in Australia, low aluminum
prices, and a higher tax rate.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                  % This
                             Mar 10     Mar 9      Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ..................   381.2      379.5     - 2.3
   Britain ...............   769.3      760.7     + 4.4
   Canada ................   398.5      397.5     + 0.7

   France ................   562.1      558.6     +12.3
   Germany ...............   270.7      270.3     +11.3
   Hong Kong .............  3610.2     3559.0     +16.6
   Switzerland ...........   223.7      223.4     + 9.1
   Australia .............   343.4      341.0     - 2.2
   World index ...........   500.4      499.5     - 6.5