Business Briefs
Northwest Airlines, a unit of NWA Inc., won U.S.
Department of Transportation approval to fly between Boston
and Paris, with service originating in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
   ---
   Precision Castparts Corp. and Hitachi Metals Ltd. will
form a new company, Hitachi Metal AFTD Ltd., to manufacture
metal injection molded parts in Japan beginning April 1,
1992.
   ---
   Westinghouse Electric Corp. is studying several
Czechoslovakian fossil-fuel power plants to determine their
potential for modernization. The study, similar to one
conducted by the company in Poland, will cost $1.3 million.
   ---
   Galileo International, a United Kingdom company formed by
10 international airlines, purchased two Stratus XA2000
Continuous Processing Systems from Massachusetts-based
Stratus Computer Inc. for an undisclosed amount.
   ---
   MCI Communications Corp. signed a five-year, $6 million
contract with DSC Communication Corp. to supply most of DSC's
telecommunications services throughout the U.S., Japan,
England, Puerto Rico and Canada.
   ---
   GTE Spacenet Corp., a unit of GTE Corp., built a
satellite-based, interactive voice, data and facsimile
network for the China National Petroleum  Chemical Co. under
a $10 million contract.
   ---
   Systems  Computer Technology Corp. signed two multiyear
contracts for its on-site services with Vermont's Norwith
University and the Florida Institute of Technology, valued at
more than $17 million.