USFG Posts
   Narrower Loss
   For 4th Period
   ----
   By Susan Pulliam
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Chairman Norman P. Blake Jr., who has been trying to
restore the balance sheet and operations of the ailing
insurer, said the fourth quarter marked the end of the
company's restructuring steps. "This quarter brings to an end
the realization of the significant charges associated with
the major repositioning of USFG," he said.
   Analysts warned, however, that it may take more than one
year for gains from the restructuring to surface. "This year
will be crucial for determining whether what {Mr. Blake} has
done works," said Michael Frinquelli, an insurance analyst
with Salomon Bros. Inc. The company's stock closed at $9.25 a
share on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, up 25 cents.
   For the year, the loss narrowed to $176 million, or $2.53
a share, from $569 million, or $6.99 a share, the prior year.
   In 1991, USFG, suffering from both asset-quality problems
and problems in its operations, got out of unprofitable
businesses and sold assets. It announced at year end it was
leaving the personal-lines business in six states, while it
got out of workers compensation in three states. The company
also sold its travel and computer-leasing divisions and part
of its investment-management operations. It also sold off
massive amounts of its troubled real-estate, junk-bond and
equity portfolios.
   In the fourth quarter, the operating loss narrowed to 23
cents a share from $1.40 a share the year before. That was
slightly better than expected, according to Mr. Frinquelli.
Part of the reason, he said, was that the company did not add
to reserves for claims losses during the fourth quarter,
which would have made operating results worse. A company
spokesman said, however, that the company traditionally does
not add much to reserves in the fourth quarter.