Abreast of the Market:
   Industrials Advance 19.68 Points;
   Broader Indexes Post Bigger Gains
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 19.68 points to
3256.04. The broader market was even stronger. The Standard 
Poor's 500-Stock Index jumped 3.19 to 409.58, equal to about
a 25-point gain by the industrials. The New York Stock
Exchange Composite Index rose 1.57 to 226.01, and the Dow
Jones Equity Market Index gained 3.03 to 386.81.
   Stocks started out higher after a report that U.S. housing
starts rose 9.6% in February, improving on their 5.5% rise in
January. Many economists had expected housing starts to be
about unchanged in the latest month.
   Industrial production rose 0.6% in February after falling
a revised 0.8% the month before. Capacity utilization for the
month was 78.2%, up from a revised 77.9% in January.
   The numbers put an early scare into the bond market, where
investors worried that the economic strength would translate
into higher inflation. But those fears were tempered by a
report on consumer prices, which rose only 0.3% in the month,
as expected. Bonds soon rallied to strong gains for the day.
   "This is an ideal environment for stocks," said Jack
Shaughnessy, director of research at Advest Inc. He said a
strengthening economy and weak inflation means corporate
profits can improve without pushing interest rates sharply
higher.
   "These numbers we saw {yesterday} are consistent with a
2.5% to 3% inflation rate going forward," said Mr.
Shaughnessy. "Of all things to be concerned about, inflation
isn't the issue," he said, pointing to gold -- a popular
inflation hedge -- which has fallen to its lowest price in
six years.
   In fact, gold stocks were among the worst performers on
Wall Street yesterday. Battle Mountain Gold lost 1/8 to 7
1/4, Homestake Mining slid 3/8 to 13, and Newmont Mining was
down 1/2 to 39.
   Instead, investors focused on the promise of rising demand
for household appliances to outfit the new homes being built.
   Whirlpool jumped 1 1/8 to 45 1/4, Maytag rose 3/8 to 18
3/8, Black  Decker added 7/8 to 25 3/4, and bedmaker Leggett
 Platt gained 2 to 45 3/4.
   Mr. Hennessey noted that some technical features of the
market, such as breadth and volume, improved yesterday.
   Advancers on the Big Board outnumbered decliners, 1,051 to
651. Volume was 187,240,000 shares, up from 151,280,000
Monday.
   But Mr. Hennessey said some investors may turn cautious
again today on the approach of the quarterly futures and
options expirations. Stock-index futures, stock-index options
and options on individual stocks will all expire Friday in
what is popularly called a triple witching. The expirations
often spark market volatility.
   Wall Street continued to bid up Chrysler a day after the
company named General Motors' Robert Eaton to succeed Lee
Iacocca as the car maker's chairman. Mr. Eaton had been
running GM's successful European operations. Chrysler rose
3/4 to 18. GM rose 1/2 to 37 5/8, and Ford Motor gained 3/8
to 38 1/4.
   Improving demand for heavy-duty trucks helped several
stocks. Eaton jumped 2 3/8 to 75; Cummins Engine rose 3/8 to
60 3/8. Douglas Laughlin, analyst at Bear Stearns, said net
orders for heavy-duty trucks more than doubled in February.
"People are gaining confidence that the recovery in the truck
business is here," he said.
   The apparently improving economy has also shown up in
hotel and casino stocks. Oppenheimer  Co. analyst Steven
Eisenberg said Hilton Hotels in particular appears to be
seeing better-than-expected per-capita spending at all its
Nevada facilities. Hilton rallied 2 1/8 to 46 1/4. Marriott
added 1/4 to 16 7/8, Caesars World rose 5/8 to 38 1/2, Promus
gained 1/2 to 30 1/2, and Circus Circus was up 3/4 to 41 3/4.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 2.65
to 405.64. Volume was 14,675,000 shares, down from Monday's
15,591,000. There were 323 advancers and 244 decliners.
   Chambers Development Class A plunged after the close in
trading over Reuters PLC's Instinet system, losing more than
half its value. The stock rose 1 1/8 to 30 1/2 in Amex
trading but sold off sharply in the so-called third market
after the company reported that a 1991 charge of $27 million
would result in a revision of its earnings for the year to
three cents a share from the 83 cents previously reported. An
Instinet spokesman said Chambers dropped to 13 in active
trading, down 17 1/2.