IBM's Outlook for '92 Remains Cloudy
   After 4th-Quarter Loss of $1.38 Billion
   ----
   By Paul B. Carroll
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Beyond the first quarter, the outlook is fuzzy, especially
for the all-important mainframes, so IBM's prospects appear
to hinge on what happens with the world-wide economy. In a
conference call with securities analysts, "IBM wouldn't
commit to double-digit mainframe growth," said Dan Benton, an
analyst with Goldman Sachs. "And when's the last time they
didn't have double-digit revenue growth in the first year of
a new mainframe product line?"
   The fourth-quarter net loss of $2.42 a share, reflecting a
wider-than-expected $3.4 billion pretax charge related to the
job cuts, compares with year-ago profit of $2.46 billion, or
$4.30 a share. Revenue fell 4.2% to $22.08 billion from
$23.06 billion.
   Because of the uncertainties, earnings estimates are all
over the place. For the first quarter, analysts are
projecting anywhere from 66 cents to $1.20 share vs. the
dismal $500 million, or 93 cents a share, in the 1991 first
quarter. For the year, estimates range from $6 to $10 a
share, with $7.60 a share as the average.
   That figure would be a turnaround from 1991, when two huge
special charges gave IBM a loss of $2.83 billion, or $4.95 a
share, the first annual loss in its 80-year history. Still,
that average estimate is well short of the $6.02 billion, or
$10.51 a share, IBM earned in 1990.
   Revenue estimates range less widely, with many analysts
projecting an increase of 6% to 7% from the $64.79 billion
IBM produced in 1991. That sort of increase would get IBM
back to about the $69.02 billion of revenue it generated in
1990.
   The confusion showed up in the stock market Friday, as IBM
shares initially tumbled $2.875 because its results appeared
to be much worse than expected. But the disparity was
attributed largely to special charges, so many analysts
concluded that IBM had, in fact, met expectations, and the
stock came roaring back. Even though the stock had risen in
the days ahead of the announcement, in anticipation of the
earnings, the stock was at one point up $2.625 on the day. It
finally closed up 87.5 cents, at $96.375, in composite
trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
   "People want to believe in IBM again," said Steve
Milunovich, a securities analyst at Salomon Brothers.
   The initial confusion occurred because the added job cuts
meant IBM widened the fourth-quarter pretax charge to $3.4
billion from the $3 billion it had said it would take. Then
IBM said in the conference call with analysts that it had
taken various additional write-downs totaling $200 million to
$250 million. That really confused things, because the more
bullish analysts immediately added at least $200 million to
their calculations of IBM's operating earnings while the more
bearish did not. The bears said IBM often takes small
write-downs at year end; it just doesn't tell people about
them. Some analysts also said that a lower-than-expected tax
rate balanced the negative effects of the write-downs.
   In any case, when all the math was done, the
fourth-quarter loss became an operating profit of $2.25 to
$2.50 a share.
   Besides saying that mainframes did well, IBM said its
AS/400 minicomputer line and RS/6000 workstations improved.
Another bright spot was services, such as systems
integration, where revenue rose 35% to $2.05 billion. Still,
total hardware sales dropped 11% in the quarter. In
particular, personal computers continued to have problems, as
did displays, some telecommunications equipment and some
data-storage products. Software revenue, which used to
produce strong double-digit growth, rose 8.5% because there
weren't enough hardware sales to stoke demand.
   For the full year, mainframes were the major problem,
because the most powerful of the new models weren't available
until September, and many customers stopped buying the old
generation while they awaited the new ones. IBM's overseas
operations, its best performers in recent years, saw revenue
decline 3.6% to $40.4 billion, and earnings fell to $1.8
billion from $4.6 billion in 1990.
   Also, IBM took a $2.26 billion charge in the first
quarter, to cover all at once a change in pension accounting
that will reduce earnings at U.S. companies over the next
couple of years.