Marketing  Media:
   Paramount Holds
   Talks on Acquiring
   New York Yankees
   ----
   By Johnnie L. Roberts
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Confirming a report in the New York Daily News, Paramount
yesterday said it recently held talks with the Yankees'
controversial principal owner, George Steinbrenner, and
several of his 19 limited partners. Emphasizing that it
hasn't received or made a concrete proposal, the company said
it always explores opportunities to expand its operations,
including sports franchise ownership. In addition to the
Knicks and the Rangers, Paramount also owns Madison Square
Garden.
   More importantly, however, Paramount already has a $500
million investment in the Yankees in the form of a long-term
contract to carry Yankee games over its regional cable sports
channel, MSG Network. "Obviously, we are concerned about the
future of the team since we have a major investment in it
through our long-term contract. . .," Paramount said in a
statement. It wouldn't elaborate.
   The company's concern stems from controversy surrounding
Mr. Steinbrenner and instability in the Yankees' management.
In 1990, Major League Baseball Commissioner Fay Vincent
banned Mr. Steinbrenner from baseball for life for paying an
avowed gambler $40,000 for negative information about Dave
Winfield, a former Yankee player. Mr. Steinbrenner, who owns
55% of the Yankees, had served as the organization's managing
general partner.
   In a statement from Fort Lauderdale, where the team is in
spring training, Mr. Steinbrenner said Paramount first
approached him, adding that the contact was one of many
similar overtures. "Certainly we appreciate their interest in
the team because of their long-term contract to broadcast
Yankee games," he said. The statement gave no indication of
future talks between the two parties.