Credit Markets:
   Long-Bond Prices Plummet on Surprising Signal
   Of Strength in Economy in Purchasing Report
   ----
   By Tom Herman and Sharon R. King
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Investors were surprised by the National Association of
Purchasing Management's February survey, showing the
association's index surged to 52.4% last month from 47.4% in
January. Analysts had expected only a very slight increase.
   Good economic news often frightens bond investors into
thinking that inflation is about to accelerate, leading to
higher interest rates. Adding to inflation jitters yesterday
was an increase in commodity prices and a Commerce Department
report that construction spending rose 1.3% in January.
   "There's no doubt that the major reason for the market's
decline was the stronger-than-expected purchasing managers'
report," said William V. Sullivan Jr., senior vice president
at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. "It suggested there was a decent
rebound in the manufacturing sector, and it makes it even
less likely we'll see any further easing" of short-term
interest rates by the Federal Reserve.
   Nevertheless, Mr. Sullivan and many investment managers
are convinced that inflation fears are wildly exaggerated and
that any rise in interest rates will be shortlived.
Meanwhile, they say bonds offer unusually generous yields
above inflation. The government's benchmark 30-year bonds
were quoted late yesterday at 7.89%, up from 7.79% late
Friday.
   "Our inflation model is very positive. Inflation this year
could be as low as 2%," says Arthur A. Micheletti, investment
strategist at Bailard, Biehl  Kaiser, a San Mateo, Calif.,
firm that manages about $1.3 billion.
   If bond prices drop further, "we believe it would be a
welcome buying opportunity," said Mr. Sullivan of Dean
Witter. Remember, he said, that higher interest rates would
act "as a restraining influence on the economy later this
year, which should be good for the bond market over the long
haul."
   Nevertheless, traders said many investors suddenly lost
their appetite for bonds early yesterday after headlines of
the corporate purchasing managers survey flashed across news
services' screens.
   "There was selling, both by speculators and investors,"
after the purchasing managers survey results were reported,
said Richard M. Kelly, chairman of Aubrey G. Lanston  Co., a
U.S. government securities dealer. "I wouldn't characterize
the selling as very heavy, but there was a persistent and
orderly decline in prices."
   Yields on some intermediate-term Treasury notes jumped
even more than those on long-term bonds. Traders said this
reflected the widespread view that the Federal Reserve now is
even less likely than before to cut short-term interest rates
anytime soon.
   For example, while long-term Treasury bond yields rose
0.10 percentage point, those on two-year notes surged as much
as 0.20 percentage point. The latest two-year Treasury notes
were quoted late yesterday at 5.44%, up from 5.24% late
Friday.
   The consensus estimate among economists surveyed by Dow
Jones Capital Markets Report last week was for a tiny
increase in the purchasing index to 47.7%. That was too low
by 4.7 percentage points. Traders also were surprised to see
the index spring above 50%. A reading above 50% indicates the
manufacturing sector is expanding, while a reading below that
suggests contraction.
   The purchasing managers report "not only was stronger than
expected but also the increase was very broadly based," Mr.
Kelly said. "The combination of strength and the broadly
based nature of it deflated the budding optimism that had
been creeping into the bond market in the last couple of
days."
   Despite yesterday's setback, bond enthusiasts still are
betting that the Labor Department's February employment
report, to be released Friday morning, will spark a bond
rally. That report is widely expected to show little or no
increase in business payrolls.
   Today, the Commerce Department is expected to report that
the government's index of leading economic indicators rose
about 0.5% or 0.6% in January. That would follow a 0.3%
decline reported for December.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Municipal bond prices slumped yesterday, although not
nearly as much as Treasury bonds did.
   Some bellwether tax-exempt bonds bonds ended as much as
1/2 point lower in light trading. For example, the Kenton
County, Ky., Airport Board's 7.125% issue of 2021 finished
1/2 point lower at 97 1/8, to yield 7.34%.
   Meanwhile, investment bankers say investor demand
continues to be strong for the zero-coupon portion of New
York City's $858 million offering of general obligation
bonds. That offering is among the more than $2.9 billion of
tax-exempt debt expected this week.
   Individual investors so far have placed orders for about
$42 million of the bonds, also called "mini-bonds" or "NYC
bonds," said Steve Bevers, a vice president in the municipal
bond department at Prudential Securities Inc. Prudential is
lead manager of the zero-coupon portion of the New York City
offering. Underwriters hope to sell $100 million of the
mini-bonds, which are targeted toward individual New York
City residents.
   Final pricing for the bonds is expected to be set
tomorrow.
   The New York City mini-bonds are actually zero-coupon
bonds. Zeros got their name because they don't pay any
interest each year. Instead, they are sold at a deep discount
from their face value. The investor's return is the
difference between the purchase price and the face value when
the investor cashes in the bonds, or the sale price when the
investor sells the bonds in the secondary markets.
   For example, for about $1,200 an investor can buy a
zero-coupon bond from the current New York City offering. The
bond has a future value of $5,000.
   The mini-bonds carry maturities of five to 20 years. Bond
yields, which will be finalized tomorrow, are expected to
range from 6.50% for a five-year bond to 7.25% for a 20-year
bond.
   New York City is targeting the mini-bonds toward
individual investors. The eight underwriters who are taking
orders for the bonds will give preference to small orders for
less than $24,000, Mr. Bevers says.
   Moody's Investors Service Inc. confirmed its Baa-1 rating
on New York City's general obligation bonds.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Fresh evidence that the economy may be perking up drove
down prices of Treasury notes and bonds.
   As a result, the gap between short-term and long-term
rates narrowed yesterday.
   In late trading the benchmark 30-year bond was quoted at
101 4/32, down 1 6/32 point from late Friday. Its yield rose
to 7.89% from 7.79%.
   The five-year notes fell to 100 2/32 from 100 23/32, while
the yield rose to 6.72% from 6.56%.
   Late last week, bond traders sensed that the two-month
bear market in bonds was over, thanks to signs that the
economy remained weak and inflation was subdued. Also, there
are no new Treasury note or bond sales scheduled until late
March.
   But the optimistic mood quickly changed after yesterday
morning's report from the National Association of Purchasing
Management.
   "It's amazing, really, this huge swing in expectations,"
says Mitchell Held, chief economist at Smith Barney, Harris
Upham  Co. "This was a reality check for the bond market."
That "reality," he contended, is a recovery that will prove
hardier than the one that fizzled out last year. And he added
that until market participants are convinced that low
inflation can co-exist with economic recovery, yields are
likely to move higher.
   Here are details of the government's regular weekly
auction of new short-term Treasury bills:
                                                                                                       

   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                13-Week          26-Week
                                                                                                       

   Applications ........... $32,540,275,000  $30,242,145,000
   Accepted bids .......... $11,406,935,000  $11,422,445,000
   Accepted at low price ..             28%              70%
   Accepted noncompet'ly ..  $1,425,805,000   $1,040,935,000
   Average price (Rate) ...  98.984 (4.02%)   97.927 (4.10%)
   High price (Rate) ......  98.989 (4.00%)   97.937 (4.08%)
   Low price (Rate) .......  98.979 (4.04%)   97.922 (4.11%)
   Coupon equivalent ......           4.12%            4.25%
   CUSIP number ...........       912794YR9        912794ZJ6
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated March 5, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature June 4, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature Sept. 3,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   About $300 million of new debt was sold, a relatively
quiet day compared with some recent $1 billion sessions.
   The day's biggest issuer was Shearson Lehman Brothers
Holdings Inc., which offered $200 million 10-year senior
notes priced to yield 9%. The non-callable notes were priced
at a spread of 1.68 percentage points above the Treasury's
10-year note.
   The securities were sold through underwriters led by
Lehman Brothers.
   Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and Lehman Brothers
are subsidiaries of American Express Co.
   In the secondary market, most investment-grade corporate
bonds ended 3/4 to 1 point lower. High-risk, high-yield junk
bonds, or speculative-grade securities with low credit
ratings or no credit ratings at all, were up 3/4 to 1 point.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities declined.
   Among active issues, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities for March delivery slumped 23/32 to
99 14/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8% securities
deteriorated by 22/32 to 99 and Federal National Mortgage
Association 8% securities weakened 22/32 to 98 29/32.
   New issuance of real estate mortgage investment conduits
was limited to a $200 million Freddie Mac series Gold 1245
offering, backed by the agency's 15-year 8% mortgage
securities, and the modest increase of Fannie Mae series
1992-49 to $1.17 billion from $1.15 billion. This issue is
backed by Fannie Mae 8.5% issues.
   Freddie Mac mortgage securities prepayments data for the
mid-January to mid-February period was released, showing a
30% rise in prepayments on the agency's 9% issues and a 23%
rise for the 9.5% mortgage securities.
   These increases were in the upper end of the range between
4% and 30% advances and were in line with expectations. Since
mortgage-lending rates have been rising, 9% mortgage
securities are seen becoming less of a target in coming
months for refinancing-driven prepayments than 9.5% issues.