Economy:
   Texaco Profit
   Dropped 16%
   In 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Allanna Sullivan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Texaco's fourth quarter fell to $324 million, or $1.15 a
share, compared with $388 million, or $1.40 a share, during
the same year-earlier period. Revenue declined to $9.8
billion versus $13 billion.
   The oil company's net income for the year declined as
well. Annual earnings slipped by 11% to $1.29 billion, or
$4.61 a share, from $1.45 billion, or $5.18 a share. Revenue
fell to $38.3 billion from $41.8 billion.
   Excluding special items, Texaco's adjusted fourth-quarter
income from operations totals $295 million, or about $1.04 a
share, by Mr. Mlotok's estimate. Wall Street analysts say
they had projected that that number would be 94 cents a
share.
   In trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday,
Texaco shares rose $1.50 to $63.375.
   Texaco chief executive officer, James Kinnear, pinned the
decline in earnings mostly on a drop in oil prices.
"Throughout 1991, the petroleum industry in the U.S. has felt
the impact of lower crude prices," he said.
   Oil prices since the end of 1990 have fallen by about $10
a barrel, analysts say. As a result, income from the
exploration and production sector has fallen most sharply for
the oil companies. The national recession is also putting
pressure on oil company earnings, with results from chemical
operations down for most of the industry. Refining and
marketing earnings are off as well.
   Indeed, fourth quarter results from Texaco's exploration
and production business in the U.S. tumbled to $175 million
from $344 million. Overseas, income from that sector slid to
$105 million compared with $208 million during the same
period in 1990.
   The sharp decline in oil prices on a year-to-year basis
isn't expected to be as pronounced in the next quarter. By
the second quarter of last year, the Persian Gulf War had
ended and oil prices had already declined somewhat. As a
result, analysts say, income during the second quarter will
be lower than last year but it will not be off as sharply as
during this quarter.