United Technologies
   Reveals U.S. Inquiry
   Into Contract Billing
The company said the charge concerned a military aircraft
contract. Soon after informing the U.S. Department of
Defense, the company said, it returned part of the money and
didn't bill the remainder, resulting in a $75 million
"adjustment."
   United Technologies said that the U.S. has been
investigating the matter since the disclosure and that it is
now "probable" that the government "will assert a claim for
an amount in excess" of the $75 million adjustment. The
company said it has set aside an amount which it declined to
disclose in connection with the additional claim. It also
added that it is unable to predict the timing of the claim
and any exposure beyond the amount set aside.
   United Technologies said resolution of the matter won't
have a material adverse effect on the firm's financial
position.
   United Technologies also reported in the annual report
that the criminal investigation in connection with the so
called "Operation Ill Wind," involving its Pratt  Whitney
and Norden units, are continuing. In connection with the
investigation, as previously reported, three former Norden
employees have already pleaded guilty and a former consultant
to the company also did the same to a number of charges.
   The company said that if it were charged with wrongdoing
as a result of any of these investigations, it could be
suspended from bidding for new contracts.