Marketing  Media:
   Fourth-Period Net
   Posted by Tribune,
   Washington Post
   ----
   By Patrick M. Reilly and Carlee R. Scott
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Excluding the charge from year-earlier results, Tribune's
latest fourth-quarter net was down 9%, which the company said
was due to lower newspaper operating profit and a higher
effective tax rate. This, however, was partly offset by lower
net interest expense and improved broadcasting and
entertainment results.
   Tribune said a "steep decline" in advertising revenue led
to lower profit in its media businesses. Total advertising
revenue fell 3%. Retail advertising revenue declined 2%,
classified revenue fell 7%, and general advertising revenue
rose 5%. Circulation revenue rose 3%.
   The broadcasting and entertainment group's operating
profit rose 40% in the quarter, with television showing
improved results while radio results were down. The newsprint
group reported a loss of $10.7 million because of
industrywide pricing pressures and a stronger Canadian
dollar.
   For the year, Tribune earned $142 million, or $1.94 a
share, after a 1990 loss of $63.5 million including the
charge. Revenue fell 14%, however, to $2.03 billion from
$2.35 billion.
   Tribune said that given the current economic outlook, it
expects its media businesses to generate increased earnings
in 1992, although it doesn't foresee a turnaround in
newsprint until pricing improves.
   At the Washington Post, a media concern, based in
Washington, operating results continued to suffer from lower
newspaper and television advertising.
   Net in the latest quarter rose to $47 million, or $3.96 a
share, from $42.1 million, or $3.55 a share, in the 1990
quarter. The company's results were helped by a favorable
settlement with the Internal Revenue Service of $10 million,
or 84 cents a share. Excluding that one-time credit,
fourth-quarter net fell 12% to $37 million, or $3.12 a share.
Revenue slipped 0.8% to $366.6 million from $369.4 million.
   The company's newspaper division reported flat revenue for
the quarter, though ad lineage at the flagship Washington
Post declined 3.8%. Broadcast division revenue fell 5.8%,
while at the cable division, revenue rose 6.8%. The company's
major magazine, Newsweek, said revenue was down 3.1%, though
its average paid circulation rose 3% in 1991 to 3.3 million.
   For the year, the company reported a 59% drop in net to
$70.8 million, or $5.96 a share, from $174.6 million, or
$14.45 a share, in 1990. The 1991 results include a one-time
after-tax charge of $47.9 million, or $4.04 a share, related
to newly adopted accounting standards on retiree benefit
costs. Excluding the charge, the company's net for 1991 still
dropped 32% to $118.7 million, or $10 a share. Revenue
dropped 4.1% to $1.38 billion from $1.44 billion.