World Markets:
   Share Prices End Mixed in Thin Tokyo Session,
   Soften in London and Move Down in Frankfurt
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Thursday, the Nikkei rose 231.09 points to close the
morning session at 21593.35.
   Wednesday's first-section volume was estimated at 180
million shares, compared with 163.8 million shares Tuesday.
Gainers slightly outpaced losers, 469-408, and 218 issues
were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which gained nine points Tuesday, edged
up 1.26 points to 1584.73.
   Despite selective buying of pharmaceutical and some other
sectors' shares, the overall market remained under scattered
selling pressure from arbitragers and investment trust funds.
But some cautious buying by Japanese life insurance companies
steadied the market.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index declined 5.5 points to 2546.5. The FT 30-stock index
fell 8.0 points to 1965.8. Volume was 547.9 million shares,
compared with 551.8 million shares a day earlier.
   Stocks in Britain rose initially on Wall Street's Tuesday
jump to a record, but the London advance evaporated on
details that only a few stocks had propelled the New York
barometer, and then it slipped on an anticipated weaker
opening for U.S. stocks Wednesday. But Wall Street's erasing
an early deficit Wednesday helped London shares recover from
session lows.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index fell 10.68 points to
1672.40, in what was viewed as a continuing consolidation,
though some gains were logged. The index opened at its
intraday high and lost ground from there. Investors were
disappointed that President Bush failed to stir much new
optimism with his State of the Union message the previous
night, and that German money supply figures signaled the need
to maintain a tight monetary policy.
   On other European bourses, Paris stocks finished
moderately lower, influenced by recent corporate earnings
reports. Amsterdam shares' decline was attributed to
profit-taking after President Bush's speech was viewed in the
Netherlands as unsurprising. In Zurich, stocks declined
broadly as the market was soured by a corporate debt-rating
downgrade.
   Sydney shares fell on a decline in Australia's inflation
rate, in line with expectations, to its lowest level since
1964; though this should have boosted stocks, concern about
the underlying inflation rate unsettled the nation's bond
market, and in turn, equities fell. Elsewhere in Asian and
Pacific markets, Hong Kong gains were wiped out by
profit-taking. Taipei stocks' rebound was led by financial
and plastic firms' stocks. In Manila, a six-session string of
declines ended when share prices recovered on Wall Street's
performance and President Bush's economic proposals. In
Seoul, concern about an expected tightening of monetary
policy pushed stock prices down.
   Among corporate developments, in London, W.H. Smith Group
ended unchanged at 459 pence ($8.22). The retailer's pretax
profit for its first half ended Nov. 30 surged 44% to #50.1
million ($89.7 million), compared with a year earlier, helped
by lower interest payments and the sale of unprofitable
travel and television businesses. The results were at the top
end of analysts' previous estimates. Still, the report masked
a stagnant performance, as operating profit fell 5.6% to
#52.7 million. The interim dividend was lifted 7.5% to 4.3
pence a share.
   In Frankfurt, Metallgesellschaft closed at 426 marks
($266.08), off 1/2. The diversified mining, machinery,
trading and financial services concern's group profit for the
year ended Sept. 30 tumbled 32% to 178.7 million marks
($111.6 million), as expected. The annual dividend was left
unchanged at 10 marks a share. Though Metallgesellschaft
didn't comment on its financial performance, it said last
December that its trading and financial services operations
had unspecified earnings declines and that its U.S. metals
trading and Canadian mining operations were weak.
   In Milan, Banco Ambrosiano Veneto eased 5 lire to 4,080
lire ($3.39). Ambroveneto, the second-largest private-sector
bank in Italy, said in a preliminary report that its gross
operating profit last year rose 7% to 600 billion lire ($499
million). Total deposits climbed 11% to 17.689 trillion lire
and total loans grew 13% to 15.57 trillion lire, both partly
owing to acquisitions. Ambroveneto also has taken a minority
stake in Istituto di Sviluppo Atesino, which is controlled by
Banca di Trento e Bolzano; terms weren't disclosed but
Italian news reports said the holding was about 21%, valued
at about 60 billion lire. The stake was held by Edizione
Holding, the holding company for the sportswear maker
Benetton.
   In Stockholm, Volvo Class B shares fell 5 kronor, or 1.3%,
to 385 kronor ($66.03), and Procordia B shares declined 3, or
1.5%, to 195. Swedish shares fell in heavy trading as
uncertainty grew about the proposed 38.7 billion-krona ($6.64
billion) merger between the auto maker and the pharmaceutical
company. Speculation that this deal would be the first step
in combining Volvo and the French auto maker Renault fueled
market jitters. The effect on Volvo shares from the Swedish
government's earlier -- and expected -- rejection of the
Volvo-Procordia plan was played down in the market.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    %1991
                               Jan 28     Jan 27     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ....................   388.0      388.0     + 26.5
   Britain .................   755.1      751.8     + 18.1
   Canada ..................   409.4      410.4     + 11.6
   Japan ...................   916.3      909.9     -  7.8
   France ..................   534.5      529.4     + 26.0
   Germany .................   259.5      260.2     + 15.0
   Hong Kong ...............  3358.1     3331.5     + 54.6
   Switzerland .............   218.7      219.0     + 29.5
   Australia ...............   344.5      341.8     + 28.7
   World index .............   522.7      521.8     + 13.3