Problem at a Reactor
   May Delay Merger
   Of Kansas Utilities
The $1 billion merger between Kansas Power, based in
Topeka, and Kansas Gas, based in Wichita, was approved by the
Securities and Exchange Commission on Feb. 5, and by other
regulatory agencies last fall; it was to have been completed
March 16.
   Kansas Gas  Electric owns 47% of the 1,150-megawatt Wolf
Creek Generating Station located in Coffey County, Kansas.
The plant had automatically shut down because of a problem
with a power supply circuit board. On Feb. 28, following
repair of this relatively minor problem, workers heard a
"loud noise followed by some reverberations" in the
containment building during start-up. The noise was recorded
by instrumentation as well, a Kansas Gas spokesman said.
   The NRC sent a four-member team to the plant on March 6 to
monitor the company's investigation of the noise. The team is
also conducting interviews with employees and reviewing logs
and records, said a commission spokesman.
   The plant will not go back on line until the company has
satisfactorily explained and repaired the cause of the noise,
the spokesman said.
   Kansas Gas said, "The closing of the merger will occur as
soon as practical when both companies are satisfied with the
status of the nuclear plant."
   "Barring any major difficulty with the Wolf Creek plant,
the merger should proceed, just at a later date," said Bill
Tilles, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds. But if there is
a big problem with the nuclear reactor, the terms and
conditions of the merger would probably change, he said.
   In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kansas Gas lost
$1.125 to settle at $32.125. Kansas Power rose 37.5 cents to
close at $27.