Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices Drift Lower, Responding to Move
   By Fed to Loosen Bank's Reserve Requirements
   ----
   By Kevin Donovan and Sharon R. King
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Because reserves must be in cash or in accounts that don't
pay interest, the change will add between $300 million and
$600 million to bank industry profits.
   Reducing reserve requirements eases credit conditions, so
its effect on the economy is similar to that of reducing
interest rates. But bond market participants were confused by
the Fed's move. Although bond investors had been eagerly
awaiting further reductions in interest rates, bond analysts
said the market reacted negatively to the cut in the reserve
requirement because the benefit of the move goes directly to
banks and may bypass the bond market. Bond prices generally
rise when interest rates decline, and higher bond prices tend
to bring investors into the market.
   Analysts said bond market participants also flinched at
the prospect of more monetary stimulus just as the debate
over a fiscal stimulus package is heating up in Congress.
"The bond market was spooked about the inflationary
consequences down the road," says Kevin Flanagan, economist
at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
   The news about reserve requirements therefore was enough
to trigger a rout in the bond market, already laden with
supply and jittery about the future.
   The bond market's bellwether security, the 30-year
Treasury bond, fell more than one point after the
announcement. However, the market recovered somewhat to end
3/4 point lower, or about $7.50 for a bond with a $1,000 face
amount. The issue's yield, which moves in the opposite
direction of its price, rose to 7.98% from 7.90%.
   Prices of short-term Treasury securities rose slightly
after the Fed's announcement but ended unchanged. Traders
attributed their move to speculation that banks' windfall may
be used initially to buy short-term Treasury bills.
   Sung Won Sohn, chief economist at Norwest Corp., said the
Fed's announcement, on the eve of Fed Chairman Alan
Greenspan's semiannual report to Congress on monetary policy,
carries political overtones.
   "It was clearly designed to coincide with the
Humphrey-Hawkins testimony of Chairman Greenspan," said Mr.
Sohn.
   The Humphrey-Hawkins Act requires the Fed to report twice
a year on the central bank's money supply targets and other
policy matters, and this round is sure to include questions
about what the Fed has done lately to help the weak economy.
   Whether the cut in reserve requirements leads to lower
short-term interest rates remains in question.
   Mr. Flanagan said he expects the federal funds rate, the
tool most commonly used by the Fed in adjusting monetary
policy, to move below the 4% target once the reserve
requirement cut takes effect in April. To keep the rate --
which banks charge each other on overnight loans -- from
falling, the Fed would have to use open-market operations to
sop up the new money available in the banking system.
   Some analysts see the reserve-requirement cut as a way to
avoid lowering the funds rate target for the time being.
   "The Fed has two options," says Mr. Sohn. "If the economy
is doing OK, it could mop up the reserves, and the federal
funds rate would stay the same. If not, it could let the
excess reserves stay {in the system} to bring interest rates
down."
   Some market participants acknowledged yesterday that
interest rates now might not change at all.
   "It suggests the Fed is not going to ease" interest rates,
Jeremy Gluck, economist at Mistubishi Bank Ltd., said of the
Fed's announcement.
   In addition to Mr. Greenspan's report today, market
participants will have to contend with government reports on
inflation and housing and the outcome of the New Hampshire
presidential primary election.
   The consumer price index, to be released at 8:30 a.m. EST
today by the Labor Department, is expected to have risen 0.3%
in January after rising by the same amount in December,
according to a Dow Jones Capital Markets Report survey of
economists.
   January housing starts, to be released at the same time by
the Commerce Department, are expected to have risen 2.4%
after rising 2.6% in December, according to another Capital
Markets Report survey.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices ended slightly higher to sharply lower. The
Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 100
4/32 to yield 7.98%, compared with 100 31/32 to yield 7.90%
Friday. The latest two-year notes ended at 99 10/32 to yield
5.23%, up slightly from 99 9/32 to yield 5.25% Friday.
   The Treasury sold $21.65 billion of short-term bills at
its regular weekly auction. The average discount rate on the
new three-month bills was 3.83% and was 3.93% on the new
six-month bills. Those rates were up from last week's auction
when they were 3.72% and 3.80%, respectively.
                                                                                                       

   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                13-Week           26-Week
                                                                                                       

 Applications ...........  $28,394,965,000  $30,160,480,000
 Accepted bids ..........  $10,806,265,000  $10,836,940,000
 Accepted at low price ..              30%               7%
 Accepted noncompet'ly ..   $1,479,305,000   $1,019,070,000
 Average  price (Rate) ..   99.032 (3.83%)   98.013 (3.93%)
 High price (Rate) ......   99.037 (3.81%)   98.018 (3.92%)
 Low price (Rate) .......   99.029 (3.84%)   98.008 (3.94%)
 Coupon equivalent ......            3.93%            4.08%
 CUSIP number ...........        912794YP3        912794ZH0
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated Feb. 20, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature May 21, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature Aug. 20,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Corporations, fearing that interest rates are on the rise,
flocked to the public debt markets, selling almost $1 billion
of new bonds and notes.
   The frenzied borrowing came as bond yields climbed to
their highest levels in months. But many companies, such as
Baker Hughes Inc. and Burlington Northern Inc., said that
even though interest rates are much higher today than they
were in January, the sharp contraction in corporate spreads
has made it attractive for them to sell bonds.
   Corporate issues are priced at a "spread," or gap, above
comparable U.S. Treasury securities. In recent weeks, this
spread has narrowed, helping shave financing costs for many
companies.
   "The contraction in spread has largely offset the increase
in yield on the 30-year Treasury," said Steven Schiffman,
assistant treasurer at Burlington Northern, the Fort Worth,
Texas, transportation concern that issued $200 million of
30-year senior unsecured notes. The notes were priced to
yield 8.88%, a spread of 0.95 percentage point above the
comparable Treasury.
   Similarly, Eric Mattson, treasurer at Baker Hughes said
that while in late January the company probably would have
had to pay a spread of 0.80 percentage point to sell
seven-year notes, by yesterday the spread had narrowed to
0.70 percentage point.
   The Houston oil and gas field services company issued $150
million of seven-year notes priced to yield 7.73%. The last
time Baker Hughes sold non-convertible debt in the U.S.
public credit markets was in 1982.
   For many companies, proceeds from yesterday's bond sale
will be used to refinance bond issues or pay down
commercial-paper borrowings.
   For instance, Burlington Northern said proceeds from the
company's debt offering will go to the company's railroad
unit, which will be the funds to pay off commercial paper.
Mr. Schiffman says it is "quite possible" the company will
return to the credit markets this year to sell more debt.
   Baker Hughes says proceeds from its debt offering will be
applied to refinancing about $180 million of debt that
matures or is being redeemed early. Baker Hughes may also
return to the public credit markets soon to finance an
acquisition currently awaiting approval from the Justice
Department.
   Meanwhile, General Motors Corp., which issued $400 million
of five-year notes, also announced yesterday that it will
redeem all $400 million of its 7.5% notes maturing in August
1993. The notes sold by GM yesterday were priced to yield
7.63% through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
   In trading yesterday, prices of most junk bonds, or
speculative-grade securities with low credit ratings or no
credit ratings at all, ended flat to 1/4 point lower.
Investment-grade corporate securities also finished sharply
lower, reflecting strong declines in the U.S. Treasury
market. Most high-grade bonds registered losses of 3/8 to 1/2
point.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   California is expected to get a mixed reception from
investors when it brings $1.39 billion of general-obligation
bonds to market today.
   While individual California residents are expected to be
strong buyers of the bonds, some institutions that already
hold large amounts of the state's general-obligation bonds
may be unable to purchase additional securities. As a result,
a fair amount of bonds may be funneled into dealer
inventories, some dealers and analysts speculated.
   Meanwhile, actively traded municipals ended mixed, though
many issues posted declines in sympathy with the moves of
U.S. Treasurys.
   Among seasoned names, Metropolitan Seattle's sewer revenue
bonds, the 6.60% issues of 2032, finished 1/4 point lower at
97 1/2-97 3/4 to yield 6.76%. Denver airport system's 7 3/4%
issues of 2013 ended 1/2 point higher at 99-99 1/2 to yield
7.89%.
   California's competitive offering marks the state's first
general-obligation bond issue this year and the first since
it was stripped of its gilt-edged triple-A bond rating by
three rating concerns.
   California's general-obligation bonds are now rated
double-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-A by
Standard  Poor's Corp. On Friday, Fitch Investors Service
Inc. downgraded the bonds to double-A-plus.
   The state's fall from grace had largely been foreseen by
the market, dealers said. As a result, yields on the coming
offering are expected to be in line with those available on
California bonds outstanding. Long-term California
general-obligation bonds are yielding 6.50% to 6.55%, dealers
said.
   Such yields compare with a 6.45% yield available late
yesterday on Washington state general-obligation bonds, the 6
1/2% issues of 2011. The bonds finished unchanged on the day
at 97 1/4-97 3/4.
   Because of the sizable amount of debt California has sold
recently, the state could be hurt more by the size of its
offering than by its rating downgrades, dealers said. Last
year, California sold about $4.1 billion of
general-obligation debt; this year the state expects to sell
$3 billion to $3.5 billion of general-obligation bonds,
according to the preliminary official statement for today's
sale.