Johnson  Johnson
   Profit Gained 18%
   In Fourth Quarter
   ----
   By Kevin Pritchett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Full-year earnings were $1.46 billion, or $4.39 a share,
up from 1990's $1.14 billion, or $3.43 a share. Earnings in
1990 included a nonrecurring charge of $125 million, or 38
cents a share, mostly due to writing off and restructuring
units in Argentina and to paying additional interest on the
company's debt in that country, and the impact of "monetary
restrictions" imposed by Brazil. Without the charge, earnings
for 1990 were $1.27 billion, or $3.81 a share.
   Sales for the year rose 11% to $12.48 billion from $11.23
billion. The strong dollar hurt sales by less than 1%, or
$106 million.
   Kenneth Abramowitz, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein 
Co., said the company's earnings were "slightly better than
expected."
   "The company continued to deliver the 15% earnings growth
to make Wall Street happy, and they are investing the rest in
research and development and marketing," Mr. Abramowitz said.
He added: "It's essential to not get earnings (growth) above
15% for a large company; if it's growing over 15% a year the
company is underinvesting." JJ said it invested about $1
billion in research and development during 1991, an 18%
increase.
   Pharmaceutical sales rose 15% worldwide, with U.S. volume
climbing 16% and international sales increasing 14%. Results
were led by sales gains for Prepulsid, a gastrointestinal
drug sold outside the U.S. and currently awaiting Food and
Drug Administration approval, and Hismanal, an antihistamine.
   The professional segment sales rose 9.4% world-wide, with
U.S. volume increasing 12% and international sales gaining
6.9%. Subsidiaries including Ethicon, the sutures and
less-invasive surgery instruments unit, led sales growth for
the year.
   Consumer segment sales rose 8.8% world-wide, with U.S.
sales increasing 18% and international volume remaining flat.
The antacid Mylanta and other products led sales gains in the
segment.
   Johnson  Johnson stock rose $2.75 yesterday to $106 in
late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.