Economy:
   Tracking the Economy
   ----
   By Andrew Sobel
Data scheduled for release this week will show that retail
sales last month fell 0.3%, predicts Sung Won Sohn, chief
economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis. Consumers, their
confidence flagging because of weak income gains, job cuts
and truckloads of debt, just said "no" to many purchases.
Automobile sales fell, and other retail sales were no better
than flat, according to Mr. Sohn.
   In response, manufacturers scaled down output; December
industrial production probably fell 0.1%, Mr. Sohn says.
Automobile production dropped significantly, while favorable
weather likely limited energy use, he says.
   Faced with slow demand for their goods, retailers and
manufacturers have kept price increases to a minimum. Mr.
Sohn believes the consumer price index for December, for
example, will show a rise of only 0.2%. Only some service
providers, such as those in medical care, have bucked the
trend, he notes.
   Slow demand also can cause an involuntary buildup of
inventories on shelves of businesses. Business inventories
probably rose about 0.2% in November, Mr. Sohn says.
   If it turns out that there really were unwanted inventory
gains during the fourth quarter, first-quarter inventory
liquidation may result, Mr. Sohn says. Coupled with slow
consumer spending, that could could cause the economy to
contract in early 1992, he contends.
   The economy not only is "in a double-dip recession, but
it's a pretty nasty one," the economist concludes.
Still-lower interest rates may be needed to perk up the
economy, he says.
                                                                                                       

              Statistics to Be Released This Week
                                                                                                       

 ECONOMIC                  RELEASE   PREVIOUS  MMS CONSENSUS
 INDICATOR         PERIOD    DATE     ACTUAL     FORECAST
                                                                                                       

 Retail Sales      December  Jan. 14     +0.3%       -0.1%
                                                                                                       

 Business
   Inventories     November  Jan. 15     +0.4%       +0.2%
                                                                                                       

 Consumer
   Price Index     December  Jan. 16     +0.4%       +0.2%
                                                                                                       

 Initial Jobless   Week to
   Claims          Jan. 4    Jan. 16   458,000      442,000
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:     Week to             -$2.6       +$7.0
   M1              Jan. 6    Jan. 16    billion     billion
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:     Week to             -$6.1       +$6.3
   M2              Jan. 6    Jan. 16    billion     billion
                                                                                                       

 Money Supply:     Week to             -$16.9      +$7.6
   M3              Jan. 6    Jan. 16    billion     billion
                                                                                                       

 Merchandise                           -$6.73      -$6.0
   Trade           November  Jan. 17    billion     billion
                                                                                                       

 Industrial
   Production      December  Jan. 17     -0.4%      -0.1%
                                                                                                       

 Capacity
   Utilization     December  Jan. 17     79.1%      78.9%
                                                                                                       

                  Statistics Released Last Week
                                                                                                       

 December Car Sales                5.9 million
   December                        +0.4%
                                                                                                       

 Consumer Credit                   $27 million
   November                        Unchanged
                                                                                                       

 Producer Price Index              -0.2%
   December
                                                                                                       

 Non-Farm Payrolls                 +31,000
   December
                                                                                                       

 Unemployment Rate                 7.1%
   December
                                                                                                       

   N.A.=Not available
   Source: MMS International; NY, NY