What's News --
   Business and Finance
Japan's trade surplus reached a monthly high in February,
doubling to $10.23 billion. The nation's surplus with the
U.S. increased by 29%.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks fell on selling by corporate investors. The
Nikkei dropped 262.45 points, or 1.26%, to 20592.14, its
lowest level since Oct. 1, 1990.
   ---
   The SEC proposed rules designed to make it easier and less
expensive for small businesses to raise money in the stock
and debt markets.
   ---
   Senate Democrats altered two provisions in their tax
package in a bid to lower its cost and avert Republican
budgetary objections to the plan.
   ---
   Delta's recent jet order from Airbus Industrie included
bargain lease terms that could inflame U.S.-Europe trade
tensions.
   ---
   Daiwa Securities' president and two other officials
resigned from Japan's second-largest securities firm to take
responsibility for $640 million of losses that stemmed from
questionable trading practices.
   ---
   The IRS has been sending out tax refunds based on the
earned-income credit to many thousands of low-income families
who don't claim the credit and don't qualify for it.
   ---
   EC officials say a new U.S. offer may help end the
farm-subsidy dispute that has stalled GATT talks.
   ---
   Chase Manhattan is hiring market-moving options broker
Susquehanna Partnerships to provide hands-on expertise for a
portion of its foreign-currency trading operations.
   ---
   A Cigna unit was ordered by an arbitration panel to pay a
retired investor $5.3 million -- including $3.5 million in
punitive damages -- for selling unsuitable limited
partnerships.
   ---
   Siemens's computer unit unveiled its first entry in the
market for low-cost personal computers.
   ---
   Lotus said its spreadsheet market share has rebounded more
than previously disclosed, rising to 61% for the second half
of last year.
   ---
   Several major cable-TV operators are seeking to raise
hundreds of millions of dollars in new cash to pare their
debt-and one investor may likely be Capital Cities/ABC.
   ---
   The semiconductor industry's main trade group said it will
seek trade sanctions if Japan doesn't fulfill its commitment
under a 1991 agreement to increase foreign companies' share
of its huge chip market.
   ---
   News Corp. formed a new division that will make its
publications available for use in the coming generation of
hand-held personal computers.
   ---
   A Japanese aircraft-equipment concern agreed to pay $15
million to settle U.S. charges that it illegally transferred
U.S. jet-fighter parts to Iran during the Iran-Iraq war.
   ---
   Hertz announced a program exempting good drivers in New
York City from recent surcharges, which are the focus of a
city council bill.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 185,320,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3208.63, off 22.36; transportation 1389.95, off 18.12;
utilities 204.56, off 0.56.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4172.86, off 25.37.
   Commodities: Oil $18.50 a barrel, off $.19. Dow Jones
futures index 122.31, off 0.29; spot index 118.25, off 0.56.
   Dollar: 133.40 yen, up 0.55; 1.6625 marks, off 0.0080.