Sale of Submarines
   To Taipei Blocked
   By Dutch Cabinet
   ----
   By Brian Coleman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A spokesman for Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers said the
cabinet acted on the advice of Minister for Economic Affairs
Jacob Andriessen, who told his fellow ministers the Chinese
were showing signs of movement.
   That movement began late Thursday, when China Eastern
Airlines agreed to purchase seven Fokker F-100 jet planes.
Only days earlier, Fokker had said it did not expect its
talks with China Eastern, which had run hot and cold for
about five years, to lead to a deal anytime soon.
   Fokker spokesman Bart van Veen said the sale of the
100-seat aircraft and subsequent spare parts could be worth
as much as $300 million to the Dutch manufacturer. In
addition, he said, Fokker believes the deal represents only a
first step, because the growing Chinese market may require as
many as 350 100-seat aircraft.
   "We expect to sell at least 100 of those, maybe 200," Mr.
van Veen said. "That's why we call it a major breakthrough."
   Although the sale still requires the approval of the
Chinese government, Mr. van Veen said the Chinese ambassador
to the Netherlands assured the Dutch that such approval was a
mere formality.
   The second sign of movement came Friday, when the Chinese
government invited Mr. Andriessen to visit China.
   For RDM, Friday's decision by the Dutch cabinet comes as a
severe blow. The company is quickly running out of
submarine-building work. After completion of a submarine for
the Dutch navy in April, RDM's order book will be exhausted.
Taiwan had sought four unarmed submarines valued at a total
of 2.4 billion guilders ($1.3 billion). Together with options
for a further six submarines, the Taiwanese order would have
been worth as much as seven billion guilders.
   In a news conference, RDM President Den Dulk said the
"government should feel ashamed."