Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices End Lower as Bearish Sentiment
   Continues Ahead of Heavy Treasury Issuance
   ----
   By Kevin Donovan and Sharon R. King
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Traders said that intermediate and long-term Treasurys led
yesterday's downturn while prices of short-term notes
stabilized somewhat after last week's sharp sell-off.
   The bond market's bellwether security, the 30-year
Treasury bond, fell about 1/4 point, or about $2.50 for a
bond with a $1,000 face amount. The issue's yield, which
moves in the opposite direction of its price, rose to 7.97%
from 7.94% Friday. The outstanding two-year notes ended
little changed to yield 5.425%.
   Prices of corporate bonds and tax-exempt municipal bonds
ignored the poor showing in the Treasury market, with most
issues ending unchanged. Mortgage-backed issues ended
slightly lower.
   There was no economic or political news to drive price
action yesterday. Rather, the sense that the economy is
starting to pick up and that the Federal Reserve is finished
easing monetary policy continues to weigh against owning
fixed-income securities, traders say.
   That attitude, coming at a time when the Treasury is
preparing to sell new supply, is causing dealers and traders
to become somewhat jittery. Today, the Treasury will sell a
record $14.25 billion of two-year notes and will sell a
record $9.75 billion of five-year notes tomorrow.
   Finding a level that entices retail demand is the
immediate task facing the dealer community. In when-issued
trading yesterday, the yield on the new two-year notes was
quoted late at 5.495% and the new five-year notes were quoted
at 6.81%.
   Although market sentiment is very bearish, some traders
believe that today's two-year note auction could go
surprisingly well due to the wide spread, or gap, between the
yield on the two-year notes and the federal funds rates. The
yield on the when-issued two-year note now is nearly 1 1/2
percentage points higher than the 4% target for the federal
funds rate, which traders consider a very attractive spread.
The federal funds rate is what banks charge each other for
overnight loans. Financial institutions sometimes borrow at
that rate and use the proceeds to invest in Treasurys.
   The yields set at this week's Treasury auctions may also
be shaped by three events scheduled today -- release of the
Conference Board's consumer confidence index, mid-February
domestic auto sales and Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan's second
round of Humphrey-Hawkins testimony.
   Expectations are that the confidence index will rise
modestly from the 50.4% reading in January and that
mid-February car sales will come in somewhere near the 6.4
million-unit pace seen in early February.
   Mr. Greenspan will be testifying before the Senate Banking
Committee and will deliver the same message he gave to a
House Banking subcommittee last week as part of the Fed's
duty to report on monetary policy as required by the
Humphrey-Hawkins Act.
   Market participants shrugged off the only new economic
information released yesterday -- word that the federal
budget posted a $15.7 billion deficit in January, compared
with a $1.69 billion surplus in January 1991. Special factors
such as a calendar quirk last year that pushed about $6
billion of outlays into December 1990 were largely
responsible, analysts say.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Strong demand from a mix of investors is expected to greet
the New York Local Government Assistance Corp.'s offering of
$334 million of sales tax revenue bonds, scheduled to be
priced today.
   After recent downgrades of some of New York's
appropriation-backed bonds, the LGAC offering represents one
of the few opportunities for investors to purchase
single-A-rated New York bonds, dealers said.
   The LGAC bonds will mark one of the first sizable
offerings of New York state debt expected in the next few
weeks. In total, the state, its authorities and New York City
are expected to sell about $3.9 billion of debt in the first
quarter of 1992. Within the next few weeks, more than $1.7
billion of debt from New York issuers is expected to come to
market in what some dealers have dubbed "New York's quarterly
refunding."
   The bonds are rated single-A by Moody's Investors Service
Inc. and single-A-plus by Fitch Investors Service Inc. A
single-A rating is expected from Standard  Poor's Corp.
   The LGAC bonds also tend to fare well with investors
because, unlike other New York state appropriation-backed
bonds, repayment of the bonds is secured by an earmarked
revenue source: a portion of the state's sales tax. Repayment
of other state appropriation bonds must be approved annually
by the state Legislature.
   The dedicated repayment source kept the LGAC bonds from
being downgraded with other New York state
appropriation-backed bonds in January. Then Moody's lowered
ratings on some of the debt to Baa-1 from single-A and SP
downgraded some bonds to triple-B from triple-B-Plus. Morgan
Stanley  Co. is senior manager of the bond offering.
   Price talk circulating late yesterday put the top yield on
the LGAC bonds in the 7.15% to 7.20% range for bonds maturing
in 2021. Late yesterday, outstanding LGAC bonds, the 7%
issues of 2021, were quoted at 97 1/4 to yield 7.16%. The
price of the bonds was off 1/8 point on the day. No sizable
new municipal bond issues were priced during the session.
   Today, a Lazard Freres  Co. group is expected to set the
preliminary pricing for $220 million of New Jersey Sports and
Exposition Authority state contract revenue bonds sometime
during the session.
   In trading yesterday, prices of outstanding municipals
ended little changed after a session of limited dealings.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended little changed to moderately lower in
quiet trading.
   The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of
100 7/32 to yield 7.97% compared with 100 16/32 to yield
7.94%.
   Meanwhile, the Treasury sold a record $22.48 billion of
bills at its regular weekly auction. The average yield on the
new three-month bills was 3.96% and the average yield on the
new six-month bills was 4.08%.
   The average rate on three-month bills was the highest
since the average of 4.14% at the auction on Dec. 16, 1991.
The average rate on the six-month bills was the highest since
the average of 4.19% at the auction on Dec. 16, 1991.
                                                                                                       

   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                   13-Week    26-Week
                                                                                                       

  Applications ............ $34,122,625,000  $28,645,685,000
  Accepted bids ........... $11,254,905,000  $11,222,525,000
  Accepted at low price ...              8%              24%
  Accepted noncompet'ly ...  $1,464,510,000     $996,070,000
  Average price (Rate) ....  98.999 (3.96%)   97.937 (4.08%)
  High price (Rate) .......  99.004 (3.94%)   97.942 (4.07%)
  Low price (Rate) ........  98.996 (3.97%)   97.932 (4.09%)
  Coupon equivalent .......           4.07%            4.24%
  CUSIP number ............       912794YQ1        912794YX6
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated Feb. 27, 1992. The 13-week bills
mature May 28, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature Aug. 27,
1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Junk bonds of R.H. Macy  Co. were up on word that
Blackstone Group has been retained by the troubled retail
giant to advise it in bankruptcy proceedings and help
structure its reorganization.
   Macy's 14.5% subordinated debentures, due 2001, rose 3/4
point.
   Among other issuers of high-yield high-risk issues, RJR
Nabisco Holdings Corp. purchased $1 billion of the company's
high-coupon debentures in a privately negotiated transaction.
   RJR Nabisco said it will retire $750 million principal
amount (about $550 million accreted value) of its
subordinated discount debentures due 2001; $165 million
principal amount of its 15% payment-in-kind subordinated
debentures due 2001 (which pay interest in the form of
additional securities); and $85 million principal amount of
its 13.5% subordinated debentures due 2001.
   In the broader high yield market, prices of most junk
bonds, or speculative-grade bonds with low credit ratings or
no credit ratings, ended little changed.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Chase Manhattan Bank is preparing to bring a $750 million
offering of credit-card securities to market in a key test of
that sector's vitality.
   This will be the Chase Manhattan Corp. unit's first return
to the credit-card securities market since September, and
only the second credit-card deal in 1992.
   The credit-card securities sector has seen few new issues
since last November, when the Senate adopted a proposal to
cap credit-card interest rates. Although that push in
Washington lost momentum at least temporarily, credit-card
securities were hit by concerns that such interest rate
limitations would be adopted.
   The five-year Chase securities, to be sold through a
special purpose trust called Chase Manhattan Credit Card
Master Trust 1992-1, are seen being priced by underwriters
led by Chase to yield 0.75 to 0.80 percentage point more than
five-year Treasurys.
   Analysts say there may be substantial demand for such an
offering, citing the limited supply of new issues and
apparent investor demand.
   Underwriters expect the Chase securities to be rated
triple-A by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and Standard 
Poor's Corp.
   Chase syndicate officials weren't immediately available
for comment.
   In secondary trading, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities for March delivery dropped 10/32 to
98 27/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8% securities
fell 9/32 to 98 12/32 and Federal National Mortgage
Association 8% securities also slipped 9/32.