Technology  Medicine:
   Orphan Drug Bill
   Faces New Threat
   Of Veto by Bush
   ----
   By Joe Davidson
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Similar legislation was killed by President Bush in
November 1990 after being passed unanimously by both the
House and Senate. Mr. Bush opposes the bill on the ground
that it could discourage manufacturers from developing such
drugs. Yesterday, in testimony before the Senate committee,
David Kessler, Food and Drug Administration commissioner,
said the revised version doesn't differ substantially from
the vetoed bill.
   In 1983, Congress passed legislation designed to make the
drugs commercially viable by allowing the developers seven
years as sole producers of their product.
   But Sen. Howard Metzenbaum (D., Ohio), co-sponsor of the
bill with Sen. Nancy Kassebaum (R., Kan.), argued that "a
handful of profiteers" are using the legally protected
monopoly to "charge absurdly high prices for blockbuster
orphan drugs."
   Drug manufacturers are split on the issue. The Association
of Biotechnology Companies argued the bill would encourage
drug innovation by effectively removing the orphan
classification from drugs with high sales. But the
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association claimed the
increased government reporting requirement would be enough to
stop a company from initiating such research.
   Dr. Kessler told the committee that limiting the monopoly
would discourage development of orphan drugs and unfairly
harm companies that have made long-term investment decisions
based on current law incentives. Mr. Metzenbaum claimed that
argument was faulty because the development of two of the six
orphan drugs with the strongest sales began before the 1983
law passed.
   In a letter to the committee, Health and Human Services
Secretary Louis Sullivan said that he would recommend a veto
because the measure would "ultimately deny needed therapies
to people suffering from rare diseases or conditions."