Cadillac Fairview
   Acquires Control
   Of Weak Tenant
   ----
   By Larry M. Greenberg
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
John Hick, Grafton-Fraser's president and chief executive
officer, said the buyers agreed to put up 6 million Canadian
dollars (US$5.1 million) in new financing to keep
Grafton-Fraser in business. The company, which has sought
protection from creditors under Canada's equivalent to
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, has 118 stores
countrywide, after closing 123 of its weakest outlets.
   Canada's shopping center developers generally have fared
better during the recession than their U.S. counterparts,
partly because the amount of enclosed mall space per capita
is about one-third less north of the border. Still, many big
Canadian developers report between 6% and 8% of their mall
retail space is currently vacant, as much as four times
normal levels.
   James Bullock, president and chief executive officer of
Cadillac Fairview, said the acquisition of Grafton-Fraser
doesn't mean the developer plans to take an active role in
retailing. "This seemed to be the most expeditious way" to
deal with the retailer's financial problems, he said. "The
company has a potential of being profitable." The acquisition
pact is subject to a number of conditions, including an
agreement by Grafton-Fraser's other creditors to restructure
their loans.
   Cadillac Fairview, which has about 6,000 retail tenants in
some 50 malls across Canada, could lose nearly 50 stores if
Grafton-Fraser stopped operating, Mr. Bullock said. Canadian
mall landlords already have been hit by a series of other
retail closures. Toronto's Dylex Ltd. recently closed its
chain of 162 Town  Country women's apparel stores. And
closely held Ayre's Ltd., of St. John's, Newfoundland, shut
60 of its fashion shops.