Westinghouse Posts
   Net of $171 Million
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Gabriella Stern
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Factoring out the charge, operating profit for the latest
fourth quarter was 25% below the year-ago quarter, falling to
$328 million from $440 million. These results reflected
continued sluggishness in Westinghouse's diverse group of
businesses, from defense electronics to television and radio
broadcasting.
   The news contained few surprises for Westinghouse
watchers, who expect fireworks Jan. 29 when the board is
expected to halve the 35-cent quarterly dividend. Analyst
Martin A. Sankey of First Boston Corp. said "the outlook for
1992 remains a little bit `iffy.' There are a lot of things
they have to work through with credit and getting the balance
sheet back in shape." Westinghouse told analysts it expects
to issue about $500 million in equity this winter, possibly
preferred equity redemption cumulative stock, or Perc.
   The figures capped a dismal year during which the company
took a $1.68 billion charge as real estate loans in the
credit unit continued to deteriorate. Westinghouse had a loss
of $1.09 billion in 1991, or $3.46 a share, on revenue of
$12.79 billion, against net of $268 million, or 91 cents a
share, on revenue of $12.92 billion a year ago. The 1991
results also reflected a $160 million third-quarter provision
to cover the costs of 4,000 job cuts forced by the credit
unit's loan losses. Factoring out the charge and the job
provision, operating profit for the year fell 34% to $973
million from $1.48 billion.
   Westinghouse's troubled credit unit had a net loss of
$5.07 million for the quarter on revenue of $211 million,
against a net loss of $584 million a year ago on revenue of
$314.8 million. For the year, the credit unit had a net loss
of $1.09 billion on revenue of $968.7 million, compared with
a net loss of $474 million on revenue of $1.2 billion a year
ago.
   The credit unit, which started the year with about $9.7
billion in assets, reduced its portfolio by year's end to
$8.6 billion. In the fourth quarter, it sold $700 million in
real estate, leasing and corporate finance assets. The unit
has said it expects to sell another $500 million in assets in
the 1992 first quarter. The unit announced that its vice
chairman, Robert T. Barbour, 59 years old, is taking early
retirement, effective Feb. 1.
   Most of Westinghouse's diverse businesses reported lower
or flat revenue, and lower operating profit, for the fourth
quarter and the year. These include environmental systems,
defense electronics, broadcasting and office furniture. Amid
the gloom, though, there were some rays of hope. The power
generation unit reported higher sales for the quarter and the
year, and higher operating profit for the quarter. Operating
profit for the year, however, fell as a reflection of
one-time income in 1990. The diversified industries unit
showed signs of improvement in the fourth quarter,
particularly in Thermo King refrigerated transportation and
in electrical distribution and control.
   In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Westinghouse
closed Friday at $18.75, down 75 cents.