World Markets:
   For Brussels Stocks, Interest Rates Will Determine
   Market's Direction This Quarter, Analysts Say
   ----
   By Peter R. Greiff
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Traders and analysts are unanimous in pointing to high
interest rates -- pressed upon Europe by Germany's Bundesbank
-- as capping a potential recovery of Belgian shares in the
next three months. Any signal that the Bundesbank may start
to ease rates, however, could trigger a surge, analysts say.
   "The minute we see some relief {on rates}, things could
take off," Mr. Mertens said. But he and others warned that
relief probably won't arrive until the summer at the
earliest.
   Meanwhile, the consensus is that the first quarter will be
another one of quiet, low-volume trade on the Brussels
exchange as investors maintain mostly defensive positions in
non-cyclical shares.
   The most important bullish factor for the market, many
analysts said, is that so much bad news is already built into
prices that shares are at or near their fundamental lows. As
a result, most predicted the Bel-20 Index of leading issues
would rise by about 5% during the first quarter.
   The Bel-20 managed a gain of 9.79 points to 1092.72 on
Monday, Dec. 30, on a burst of year-end buying. The index,
which started the year at 1,000.00, gained 9.3% in 1991.
   Most equity brokers are recommending that investors
maintain a high portion of cash and short-term and long-term
government paper in their portfolios during the first
quarter.
   For investors seeking to place funds in equities, analysts
recommend sticking with traditional defensive shares such as
utilities or food retailers. Topping most analysts' lists is
Electrabel, the utility formed in 1990 by the merger of
Belgium's three electricity and gas companies.
   Electrabel shares gained 510 Belgian francs to 4820 francs
($154) during the year, a rise of 11.6%.
   Electrabel has prospects for steady but limited growth,
analysts say. A December report by Generale de Banque
projected an after-tax dividend of 307 francs a share on 1991
earnings, up 3% from 298 francs a year earlier.
   Analysts were less positive about Powerfin, an
intermediate holding company between Electrabel and its
principal shareholder, Tractebel.
   "Why not just get your dividend directly instead of
letting others skim off it?" asked one analyst. Powerfin
ended at 2570 Monday, up 10% on the year, posting all its
gains during the fourth quarter.
   Food retailer Colruyt, with a strategy of modest but
steady expansion in Belgium, was also favored by analysts.
Colruyt ended at 4390, advancing 63.5% on the year.
   Analysts also pointed to Delhaize "Le Lion," one of the
exchange's top performers in 1991. Delhaize's Food Lion unit
in the U.S. is continuing with a rapid expansion program,
despite the economic downturn. However, analysts warned that
prolonged weakness in the dollar could damp Delhaize
earnings.
   On the year, Delhaize rose 2470, or 41.9%, to 8410. On
Monday alone, Delhaize surged 290.
   Delhaize's 1991 performance follows a 3% gain in 1990,
when the broad market index fell by 23%.
   Chemical concern UCB also considered a defensive option,
analysts said, because of its growing pharmaceuticals
division. UCB ended at 19000 Monday, up 7.8% on the year.
   Analysts said it was still too early to invest in cyclical
industrial shares, including high-profile blue chips such as
Petrofina and Solvay.
   Petrofina was at 10900 Monday, up 10.7% on the year.
Solvay climbed 11.7% to 11725.
   Analysts said share prices for both companies would likely
stagnate until signs emerge of lower interest rates and
sustained economic recovery. Similar advice applied to other
steel and chemical shares, including foundries Arbed,
Cockerill Sambre and specialty steelmaker Bekaert.
   Meanwhile, holding company Societe Generale de Belgique,
beset by an array of medium-term difficulties, is still
shunned by most analysts. SGB shares finished at 1840, down
1.1% on the year.
   A low dollar and sagging zinc prices are causing losses at
SGB's largest subsidiary, metals and mining unit ACEC-Union
Miniere. Meanwhile, SGB's chemical arm, Gechem, is
restructuring after a strategic foray into the U.S. went
amiss, leaving it overloaded with debt.
   Analysts say performances at other SGB units won't come
near to offsetting the drag on earnings from ACEC-UM and
Gechem.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                     % This
                                   Dec 30   Dec 27     Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ............................  388.3    380.8   + 26.6
 Britain .........................  716.5    718.4   + 12.1
 Canada ..........................  395.8    388.5   +  7.9
 Japan ...........................  989.4    963.3   -  0.5
 France ..........................  492.9    488.9   + 16.2
 Germany .........................  243.3    242.1   +  7.9
 Hong Kong ....................... 3074.0   3040.6   + 41.5
 Switzerland .....................  205.1    203.6   + 21.4
 Australia .......................  342.0    337.5   + 27.7
 World index .....................  531.2    522.8   + 15.1