LEISURE & ARTS:
   Time Off: Diversions and Excursions Jan. 7-20
Some 175 artifacts examining the way literature and art
have influenced the development of the science of space
travel. Included in the show, which was organized by the U.S.
Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville, Ala., are early books
and engravings; 20th-century science fiction, magazines and
film clips; paintings and scientific blueprints; spacesuits
and accessories used in American space missions; and models
of rockets, space stations and space ships. Among the
earliest works on view is John Wilkins's "The Discovery of a
World in the Moone" of 1638, in which the author argued that
one day it would be possible to travel in space.
   IBM Gallery of Science and Art: Madison Avenue and 56th
Street. Jan. 14-March 28. (212) 745-3500. In October, the
show travels to the Smithsonian Institution's National Air
and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., for a year-long showing
in conjunction with International Space Year 1992.
                                                                                                       

                     Washington, D.C.
          Voices of Freedom: Polish Women Artists
              and the Avant-Garde, 1880-1990
                                                                                                       

   This survey of the work of Polish women artists from the
late 19th century onward features 80 paintings, sculptures,
tapestries, drawings and mixed media works from major
collections in Poland and the U.S. Among the movements
represented are realism, expressionism, nationalism and
abstraction.
   National Museum of Women in the Arts: 1250 York Ave., N.W.
Through March 22. (202) 783-5000.
                                                                                                       

                           FILM
                                                                                                       

                         New York
                       Ring of Fire
                                                                                                       

   This new Naturemax film puts viewers front and center
during eruptions of some of the 400 volcanos that ring the
Pacific Ocean, including Mount St. Helens in Washington
state, Navidad in Chile, Mount Sakurajima in Japan and Mount
Merapi in Indonesia. Lava flows, plumes of ash and landslides
come alive on the 40 foot by 66 foot screen. A team of
geologists, anthropologists, computer animators and film
makers worked for seven years on the film, which also looks
at the lives of peoples who coexist with active volcanos. On
Fridays and Saturdays a second feature will be shown as well,
"We Are Born of Stars," a 3-D film comprised entirely of
computer-generated graphics. In 10 minutes it takes audiences
through a five-billion-year journey through the evolution of
life.
   American Museum of Natural History: Central Park West at
79th Street, beginning Jan. 11. (212) 769-5200.
                                                                                                       

                           MUSIC
                                                                                                       

                          Chicago
                  Lyric Opera of Chicago
                                                                                                       

   The company presents a new David Hockney production of
Puccini's last opera, "Turandot," about a long-nailed,
ice-hearted Chinese princess. Eva Marton will pose the
riddles; Lando Bartolini will solve them as Calaf. Lucia
Mazzaria appears as Liu, a self-sacrificing slavie. (Galina
Savova and Kristjan Johannsson take over the roles of the
princess and Calaf on Jan. 28 and 31; Catherine Malfitano
sings Liu on Jan. 28 and 30.) Bruno Bartoletti conducts.
   Civic Opera House: 20 North Wacker Drive. Jan. 11, 15, 18,
21, 24, 27, 28, 30, 31 and Feb. 2. (312) 332-2244.
                                                                                                       

                         New York
                   Absolut Concerto III
                                                                                                       

   A celebration of new American music topped off by the New
York premiere of David Diamond's "This Sacred Ground,"
performed by the New York Choral Society, the American
Boychoir and the New Jersey Symphony, and conducted by Hugh
Wolff. Also featured are three commissioned works: "Second
Symphony" by Aaron Jay Kernis; a flute concerto by Joseph
Turrin, with soloist Carol Wincenc; and a special
choral/orchestral work by John David Earnest composed for and
performed by the 12-member male choir Chanticleer.
   Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center: 65th Street and
Broadway. Jan. 15. (212) 721-6500.