Securities Offering Calendar
$22.4 billion three-month and six-month bills.
                                                                                                       

                          Tuesday
                                                                                                       

   $14.25 billion of two-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   $9.75 billion of five-year notes.
                                                                                                       

                         CORPORATE
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Abbey Healthcare Group Inc. -- initial 3.8 million common
shares, via Dillon Read  Co.
   Air  Water Technologies Corp. -- 1.3 million Class A
common shares, via Allen  Co.
   Au Bon Pain Co. -- 1,631,500 Class A common shares, via
Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Bay State Gas Co. -- 1,550,000 common shares, via Smith
Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Callaway Golf Co. -- initial 2.1 million common shares,
via Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Century Communications Corp. -- five million Class A
commons shares, via Donaldson Lufkin  Jenrette Securities
Corp.
   Coleman Co. -- initial 4,250,000 common shares, via First
Boston Corp.
   Cross Timbers Royalty Trust -- initial three million trust
units, via Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   CSX Corp. -- $57 million equipment trust certificates, via
competitive bidding.
   Evergreen Resources Inc.  --  1.2 million common shares,
via Kinnard  Co.
   First Republic Bancorp Inc. -- 1.5 million common shares,
via Montgomery Securities.
   Forstmann  Co. -- initial 3.1 million common shares, via
Prudential Securities Inc.
   Foundation Health Corp. -- 3,697,500 common shares, via
Alex. Brown  Sons Inc.
   Georgia Power Co. -- Up to $250 million first mortgage
bonds, via competitive bidding.
   Hospital Corp. of America -- initial 34 million common
shares, via Goldman Sachs.
   Iowa Electric Power  Light Co. -- $50 million first
mortgage bonds, via competitive bidding.
   I-Stat Corp. -- three million common shares, via Smith
Barney.
                                                                                                       

                         MUNICIPAL
                                                                                                       

                         Wednesday
                                                                                                       

   Chesterfield County, Va. -- $58.1 million of water and
sewer revenue refunding bonds, 1992 Series A and Series B,
via competitive.
   Thursday Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority, Ga.
--  $50 million of sales tax revenue bonds, Series O, via
competitvie bid.
   Kansas City, Mo. -- $57,750,000 of revenue bonds, via
competitive bid.
                                                                                                       

                    One Day In The Week
                                                                                                       

   Arizona Board of Regents -- $106 million of University of
Arizona system refunding revenue bonds, 1992 Series, via a
John Nuveen  Co. Inc. group.
   Cleveland, Ohio -- $200 million of insured waterworks
improvement first mortgage revenue, 1992 Series F, A and B,
via a Smith Barney group.
   Columbus, Ohio -- $130 million of sewer revenue refunding
bonds, via an A.G. Edwards  Sons Inc. group.
   Grand Strand Water and Sewer Authority, S.C. --
$66,020,000 of waterworks and sewer system revenue bonds,
refunding 1992 Series, via a Merrill Lynch group.
   Jacksonville, Fla. -- $80 million of excise tax refunding
revenue bonds, (AMBAC-insured), via a Kidder Peabody,  Co.
group.
   Metropolitan Transportation Authority -- $260 million of
transit facilities revenue bonds, Series J, (FGIC-insured),
via a Bear, Stearns  Co. group.
   New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority -- $220 million
of state contract revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Lazard
Freres  Co. group.
   New York State Medical Care Facilities Authority --  $160
million of revenue bonds, via a Prudential Securities Inc.
group.
   North Charleston Sewer District, S.C. -- $53 million of
sewer district refunding and improvement bonds, via a Smith
Barney group.
   Philadelphia -- $88.5 million of water and sewer revenue
bonds, via a Smith Barney group.
   Phoenix, Ariz. -- $92 million of senior-lien streets and
highway user revenue and refunding bonds, via a Smith Barney
group.
   Rutgers State University, N.J. -- $87,825,000 of revenue
refunding bonds, Series R, via a Kidder Peabody group.
   Rutgers State University, N.J. -- $93,815,000 of general
obligation refunding bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Kidder
Peabody group.
   San Francisco Public Utilities Commission -- $110 million
of water revenue refunding bonds, via a Grigbsy Brandford 
Co. group.
   Texas Municipal Power Agency -- $450 million of refunding
revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via a Goldman Sachs group.
   Indefinite Florida Board of Education -- $311,580,000 of
public education capital outlay refunding general obligation
bonds, 1992 Series A, via competitive bid.
   Florida Dept. of Natural Resources -- $300 million of
Preservation 2000 revenue bonds, 1992 Series A, via
competitive bid.