Technology  Medicine:
   New Data on Study
   Of AIDS Antibody
   Are Published
   ----
   By Jerry E. Bishop
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The antibodies in both efforts are so-called monoclonal
antibodies, which are test-tube-made versions of the
antibodies the body makes to fight off virus infections.
These man-made monoclonal antibodies are designed to attack
specific proteins on the surface of the human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) that causes AIDS.
   Each of the several monoclonal antibodies being developed
by biotechnology companies attack different surface proteins
of the HIV and the competition is to see which one is most
effective in preventing or stopping an HIV infection. The
antibody that Repligen reacquired from Merck is designed to
attack a section, called the V3 looped domain of an HIV
surface protein known as the gp120 protein.
   The new report, published in this week's issue of Nature,
describes how one chimpanzee was protected from HIV infection
when the V3 antibody was inoculated one day before exposure
to the virus. Another chimpanzee was protected when the
antibody was administered a few minutes after exposure to the
virus.
   The researchers said the experiments show that a vaccine
that could trigger the body to make antibodies against the V3
loop domain will be protective. They also said the V3
monoclonal antibody, itself, might be effective in protecting
people from HIV infection when given just before or just
after exposure to the virus.