Philippine Airlines'
   Sale May Be Delayed
   Over Panel's Opinion
PAL President Feliciano Belmonte Jr. said he was informed
by letter on Friday that the minimum bid of 6.67 billion
pesos ($258 million) set by the government for the sale of
the airline was too low. The letter, from commission
President Eufemio Domingo, also questioned plans for the
winning bidder to pay part of the price with government debt
paper, he said.
   The debt-for-equity swap is a key part of the
privatization plan. Under it, each bidder would be required
to offer four billion pesos in cash and a competitive bid of
government debt to be acquired at a discount on the secondary
market. The bidder that tendered the most debt would win,
provided that the cash payment plus the cash value of the
debt exceed the government's minimum price.
   Mr. Belmonte denied reports that the commission had
"rejected" the privatization plan. "They have made a comment
that the proposed minimum bid price is in their opinion not
enough," he said.
   Even so, the commission's disapproval could halt the sale.
Mr. Belmonte said that representatives of the government
committee selling PAL plan to meet with members of the audit
commission to further explain the privatization plan. If the
commission's objections can't be satisfied, he said,
Thursday's bidding would have to be postponed.
   The selling committee includes representatives from PAL,
the Department of Finance and the central bank.
   Commission members couldn't be reached for comment, but a
report in the Manila Bulletin, a pro-government daily, said
Sunday that the commission had rejected outright the minimum
bid sought by the government for the 67% of the airline being
offered.