International:
   World Wire
   ----
   Compiled by Richard L. Holman
China plans to open wholesale markets in timber and other
raw materials to replace its centrally planned allocation
system, the official China Daily said.
   The timber market will be situated in northeastern
Heilongjiang province, where forestry is a major industry.
The official newspaper didn't specify a starting date.
Wholesale markets also are being considered for coal, rubber,
farm machinery, building materials, chemical products and
nonferrous metals.
   Beijing also is drafting a program to phase out
artificially low fixed prices for raw materials.
   The moves provide another indication that Chinese leaders
are serious about resuming market-oriented economic reforms
this year. Beijing began experimenting with wholesale markets
in 1990 when it opened a national wheat market in Zhengzhou
in central China. It has since opened similar markets for
rice, corn and other farm products.
                                                                                                       

   INVESTMENTS IN SOUTH KOREA
                                                                                                       

   Foreign investment in South Korea last year jumped 73% to
$1.39 billion from a year earlier, boosted partly by smaller
wage increases and stable labor-management relationships.
After the local distribution market was opened to direct
foreign investments last year, the service sector attracted
$325 million, up 48%, in 178 projects, up 12%. Manufacturing
investments climbed 84% to $1.07 billion on a 20% drop in
projects to 109. Investments by U.S. enterprises, the largest
group of foreign investors, fell 6.7% to $296 million, and by
Japanese slipped 4.2% to $226 million. Europeans' investments
soared to $823 million from $207 million in 53 projects, up
26%.
                                                                                                       

   HONG KONG FAILURES INCREASE
                                                                                                       

   Personal and corporate bankruptcies last year in Hong Kong
rose sharply to a combined total of 629, the highest level
since the 699 recorded in 1985. Companies entering
liquidation proceedings climbed 21% to 346 from a year
earlier, and individual filings increased 35% to 283.
                                                                                                       

   JAPANESE BANK-AD CURBS EASED
                                                                                                       

   Japan's banking federation plans to ease restrictions on
advertising and abolish them in March 1993. Banks now are
allowed only 375 seconds of air time monthly on each
television station. This limit will be raised in April to 525
seconds, a ceiling that will be eliminated next year. Banks
also will be able to advertise in the first four pages of
magazines and the first third of newspapers, both off-limits
now. The federation established the regulations in 1954 to
avoid government imposition of similar measures because of
concern that smaller banks couldn't compete with big ones.
                                                                                                       

   SMALL JAPANESE FIRMS GLOOMY
                                                                                                       

   Smaller Japanese companies grew more pessimistic in the
quarter ended Dec. 31, as the slowing economy damped demand.
A government index, based on 17,500 firms, worsened to minus
6.8 from minus 0.2 in the previous quarter. The index
subtracts percentages of firms that are pessimistic from
those that are confident. Tokyo said efforts to buttress
flagging confidence hinge on lending-rate cuts for smaller
firms, which projected even bleaker prospects for the current
quarter.
                                                                                                       

   SUBIC MAY BECOME FREE PORT
                                                                                                       

   Philippine President Corazon Aquino suggested turning the
Subic naval base into a Hong Kong-style free port to cushion
the economic effect of a U.S. military pullout by December.
She said the U.S. Navy repair yard and ammunition depot 50
miles northwest of Manila could become "the nucleus of a
growth center" in the Philippines. She ordered a study on
converting the 14,400-acre base to commercial uses, such as a
special economic zone. Subic's closure would leave 38,000
Filipinos jobless and eliminate $350 million a year in
base-generated business.
                                                                                                       

   POSTSCRIPTS . . .
                                                                                                       

   Japan said a record 123,529 students quit public and
private high schools in 1990, for a 2.2% dropout rate among
the total of 5.6 million pupils. . . . Vietnam said its
population has grown to 69.3 million -- 80% of them live in
rural areas -- from 64.4 million in 1989. Hanoi, seeking more
prosperity through market-economy experiments, is trying to
reduce the country's population growth rate of 2.2%, one of
the highest in the region, to 1.7% by the year 2000.