Letters to the Editor:
   Scranton Going Broke?
   You've Got It Wrong
Even The Wall Street Journal has recognized Scranton as
the "new hot city for industry." Money magazine has referred
to our city as one of the "best places to live in America."
   We have applied to the state for assistance to wipe out a
$5.5 million deficit created largely by an outside arbitrator
who awarded $4 million to the firefighters union because
officials from a previous administration did not attend an
arbitration meeting. I believe we could have eliminated the
deficit ourselves through hard work and refinancing of our
own assets. However, the City Council felt differently and
sought help from the state, and I accept its decision. I have
not raised taxes in my two years in office, and I will
cooperate with the state as long as it helps us without
raising our taxes.
   One of my concerns in involving Scranton in the Distressed
Municipality Act was that national media such as your paper
would confuse this with a declaration of bankruptcy and
mislead the rest of the nation as to the economic well-being
of our community. That is exactly what has happened.
   Scranton, two hours from New York City and Philadelphia,
has the sixth-lowest crime rate in the U.S., and because of
the high quality of life, it has been designated by Kiplinger
magazine as one of the 15 supercities in the nation.
   The city of Scranton, Pa., is booming and on the verge of
greatness.
   James P. Connors
   Mayor
   Scranton, Pa.