Sallie Mae Confirms
   Certain Irregularities
   By Loan-Service Unit
Sallie Mae, the nation's principal purchaser of student
loans, said the employees altered loan-collection histories
and deferment and forbearance forms, which borrowers submit
to get relief from loan repayment. A loan-servicing company
must be able to demonstrate that it has taken adequate steps
to collect on the loans. Failure to take such steps could
jeopardize the loan guarantee, which in turn could result in
a loss to the loan holder.
   University Loan is the agent for about $350 million of
guaranteed student loans, including about $290 million held
by Sallie Mae.
   University Loan Services is Sallie Mae's only separate
servicing subsidiary. In addition, it has six loan-servicing
centers.
   Sallie Mae said its own financial exposure would stem from
the loans it owns on which insurance claims aren't paid
because of the loan-servicing irregularities committed by
University Loan Services, as well as future claims on which
the paperwork is found to be improper.
   Sallie Mae also could be hurt if a review of claims
already paid should show impropriety in the servicing of
those loans. In the past four years, claims were paid on $20
million Sallie Mae-owned loans that were serviced by
University Loan Services. The Sallie Mae spokeswoman said she
didn't have any figures on current claims outstanding.