Technology  Medicine:
   Dow Corning Unit
   Faces Los Angeles
   Criminal Inquiry
   ----
   By Pauline Yoshihashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Dow Corning Wright is a subsidiary of Dow Corning Corp., a
joint venture between Dow Chemical Co. and Corning Inc. Like
other implant makers, it has been hit by the moratorium on
sale of such products, which the Food and Drug Administration
imposed because of increasing health concerns earlier this
month, and by civil lawsuits filed by women who earlier
received implants.
   Dow Corning recently agreed to provide to the FDA
corporate documents, including internal communications that
critics have contended demonstrate a failure to fully address
potential health concerns about implants.
   In a letter sent to Dow Corning Wright management, Mr.
Reiner said a preliminary review of documents filed with the
FDA indicates "an investigation is warranted." He asked the
company to provide investigators with extensive information
such as laboratory data, marketing material and internal
documents by Feb. 18.
   A Dow Corning Wright spokesman said, "We will cooperate
with the district attorney in the investigation," and will
also "inform him that the company is conducting its own
thorough, independent investigation," to be led by former
U.S. Attorney General Griffin Bell. "We're studying the new
statute as well," said the spokesman, "but we're not aware of
any violation of California criminal law in our actions."
   Individual managers found guilty under the state law could
face three years in state prison, while a corporation faces a
fine of as much as $1 million. Mr. Reiner said Dow Corning
Wright falls under the district attorney's jurisdiction
because it marketed implants in California, a major market
for breast augmentation surgery.