Technology  Health:
   Microsoft, Sony
   To Pool Talents
   For New Device
   ---
   By G. Pascal Zachary
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"There's a paradigm shift occurring in electronics"
because of the convergence of digital media, said Michael
Vitelli, general manager of Sony Corp. of America's audio
products company, which sells the Data Discman, a pocket-size
electronic reader. "There is going to have to be some product
that captures the imagination the way the Walkman did."
   Sony showed a prototype of its Bookman, officially known
as a CD-ROM XA player, at a "multimedia" electronics
conference. The device will display on a screen text and
video of a new kind of electronic book stored on compact
disks. The Bookman also will have audio capabilities. The
device, which Sony said will be seven inches wide, two inches
high and six inches deep, will run Microsoft's DOS software.
   In an interview last week, a Sony executive called the
Bookman "an experimental product." But privately other
executives say Sony has decided to launch the product, which
will sell initially for less than $1,000.
   The relationship between Sony and Microsoft reflects the
growing convergence of computing and consumer electronics.
Sony, one of the world's biggest makers of portable audio
equipment, is beginning to make hand-held computers and
software for them. Last year, the company released the Data
Discman and began manufacturing a notebook computer for Apple
Computer Inc. And Microsoft, the world's largest supplier of
software for personal computers, owns part of a book
publisher and is expanding its efforts to create software
titles for education or entertainment.