Mellon Bank,
   Continental Had
   4th-Period Gain
   ---
   BankAmerica Earnings Slid
   On Problem Loans; Loss
   Seen at Security Pacific
   ----
   By Steven Lipin
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
BankAmerica still posted record 1991 earnings, largely on
the strength of its consumer banking services. And Mellon
also racked up record earnings last year, aided by low
interest rates and an increase in fee-based businesses.
   Continental Bank reported surprisingly good fourth-quarter
earnings on lower loss provisions for problem assets. Its
fourth-quarter profit of 77 cents a share was more than
double what Wall Street was forecasting.
   "The scorecard says the earnings are a little better than
expected and in most cases nonperforming assets look less
than one might have guessed," said Richard Pike, vice
president at Chancellor Capital Management, a
money-management firm. "I think the bank crisis is easing."
Most analysts believe, however, that the leveling off in
problem assets among banks on the West coast could lag behind
the improvement elsewhere in the country.
                                                                                                       

   BankAmerica Corp.
                                                                                                       

   BankAmerica's fourth-quarter profit fell because of
increased loan losses and a jump in bad loans related to the
weak national economy.
   Despite the lackluster fourth quarter, the San Francisco
banking company's profit for the full year was a record for
the bank. The bank continues to benefit from growth in its
consumer banking business and tight expense controls, and its
real estate portfolio has held up better than many similar
loans made by its competitors.
   The company's provision for loan losses for the quarter
rose 10% to $275 million from $250 million a year earlier.
Its level of nonaccrual assets, other than Third World debt,
rose 7% to $3.08 billion.
   However, BankAmerica's loan-loss reserves at year end
stood at $2.4 billion, 17% below the $2.9 billion of reserves
it had at year end 1990. Net interest income for the quarter
rose 6% to $1.7 billion; non-interest income jumped 18%,
fueled partly by gains in its venture capital portfolio and
by increased revenue from fees. Total assets rose 3% for the
year to $116.6 billion.
   Richard Rosenberg, BankAmerica's chairman and chief
executive officer, said the bank expects the feeble economy
to continue to pressure its credit portfolio in 1992, but he
said the impact should be cushioned somewhat by tight lending
procedures, expense controls and diversified revenue stream.
   Security Pacific's provision, totaling $730 million, is on
top of a $1.2 billion loanloss charge taken in the third
quarter that was supposed to have taken care of housecleaning
in preparation for the merger.
   "They are cleaning the hell out of things," said Donald
Crowley, an analyst with Keefe Bruyette  Woods Inc.
   Problem assets, including real estate owned by the bank,
rose 9%, to $4.37 billion, up from $4.0 billion. Thus, about
5.7% of the bank's total assets are nonperforming, vs. about
3.8% for the biggest 25 banks as of the end of the third
quarter, according to Montgomery Securities. For the year,
the bank projected a net loss of $765 million, or $6.30 a
share.
   In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday,
shares of Security were unchanged at $34.75, while
BankAmerica shares traded at $41.375, down 12.5 cents.
                                                                                                       

   Mellon Bank Corp.
                                                                                                       

   Pittsburgh-based Mellon Bank provided strong evidence for
its recovery by reporting a healthy fourth-quarter profit and
ending with record full-year earnings.
   Investors, cheered by the bank's improved asset quality
and fee-based earnings growth, pushed Mellon's stock to
$39.50, up $3, in late trading on the Big Board.
   For the quarter, the bank holding company earned $72
million, or $1.11 a share, against a year-ago loss of $99
million, or $2.52 a share. Last year's loss reflects a large
$175 million credit provision, primarily for bad commercial
real estate loans. In the 1991 quarter just ended, Mellon's
provision was $75 million.
   Since the bank's loss of $844 million in 1987, Mellon
under new management has struggled to post consistent profits
and gain Wall Street's confidence. Yesterday, some analysts
said that may be changing at last.
   "This is further evidence that Mellon is moving from a
recovering bank to a quite profitable institution," said
Morgan Stanley  Co. analyst Dennis Shea.
   Positive trends were seen throughout the bank. For the
quarter, Mellon raised its reserves as percentage of
nonperforming loans to 113%, up from 96% on Sept. 30. Assets
not earning interest, at $933 million, were flat compared to
Sept. 30, despite the addition of $37 million in bad assets
in connection with Mellon's acquisition of United Penn Bank
from Midlantic Corp.
   Mellon's net interest revenue increased 11%, to $258
million, as the bank benefited from lower interest rates and
a larger credit card portfolio. Service-fee revenue increased
15%, to $189 million, with strong gains in trust and
investment management fees, as well as gains in cash
management.
   For the year, Mellon earned $280 million, or $4.66 a
share, compared with year-ago results of $174 million, or
$2.83 a share, which includes a gain of $74 million on the
sale of a consumer finance unit.
                                                                                                       

   Continental Bank
                                                                                                       

   Continental Bank reported stronger-than-expected
fourth-quarter earnings because of a fall in operating
expenses and a drop-off in the cost of carrying problem
loans. Its stock rose 50 cents to $12.625 on the Big Board.
   Chicago-based Continental, which has a high level of
higher-risk loans, slashed its dividend in the third quarter
and took special charges for layoffs and bad loans.
   The $24 billion wholesale bank saw a 16.34% decline in
nonperforming assets from the third quarter, including $123
million in nonperforming real estate loans. Part of the
decline came from $98 million in charge-offs of problem
loans. Its provision for bad loans was $30 million in the
quarter, from $204 million in the third quarter and $48
million in the fourth quarter of 1990.
   "It's the first encouraging news we've seen out of them in
a few quarters," said Raphael Soifer, analyst at Brown
Brothers Harriman. While analysts have been concerned about
sluggish revenue, "the real issue has been asset quality,"
Mr. Soifer said.
   Unlike most banks' year-end earnings, net interest revenue
slid 5% in the fourth quarter vs. the year-ago quarter. Total
revenue declined 1.22% in the quarter, and corporate finance
fees fell 10.49%. For the full year revenue edged up 1.61%.
But on the cost side, the company has shrunk its work force
by more than 1,100 people from the sale and exiting of
businesses, layoffs, and third-party contracts for legal,
computer and other services. Total operating expenses in 1991
fell 7.9% to $665 million. The company took a $6 million
restructuring charge in the fourth quarter for additional
cutbacks in the London office.
   ---
                            1991             1990
                         in      per      in      per    %
                      millions  share  millions  share  chg.
                                                                                                       

                   FOURTH QUARTER NET INCOME
                                                                                                       

 BankAmerica ........  $285.0   $1.20a  $287.0   $1.29  -0.7
 Mellon .............    72.0    1.11    -99.0   -2.52  ....
 Continental ........    50.0    0.77     35.0    0.46  42.9
                                                                                                       

                              YEAR
                                                                                                       

 BankAmerica ........  $1,124   $4.81a  $1,115   $4.95     1
 Mellon .............   280.0    4.66    174.0b   2.83    61
 Continental ........  - 76.0   -2.08     75.0    0.70  ....
                                                                                                       

   a-reflects additional outstanding shares of 3% in the
fourth quarter and 2% for the year. b-includes a $74 million
gain from the sale of consumer finance subsidiary in 1990.