New Securities Issues
Safeway Inc. -- $400 million two-part issue of senior
subordinated notes and debentures was priced through
underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs  Co. The first part,
consisting of $250 million senior subordinated notes, due
March 15, 1999, was priced at par to yield 9.35%. The
noncallable senior subordinated notes were priced at a spread
of 200 basis points above the Treasury's seven-year note. The
second part, consisting of $150 million senior subordinated
debentures, due March 15, 2007, was priced at par to yield
9.875%. The noncallable senior subordinated debentures were
priced at a spread of 226 basis points above the Treasury's
10-year note. Both parts are rated Ba-3 by Moody's Investors
Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard  Poor's Corp.
   PepsiCo Inc. -- $300 million issue of 5.00% notes, due
April 8, 1993, was priced at 99.99 to yield 5.01% initially.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 30 basis
points above the Treasury's one-year bill. The notes will be
reoffered at various prices. Rated single-A-1 by Moody's and
single-A by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Infinity Broadcasting Corp. -- $200 million issue of
senior subordinated notes, due March 15, 2002, was priced at
par to yield 10.375%. The senior subordinated notes are
noncallable for five years. The issue can then be called in
the sixth year at 105.19, and at par in the eighth year.
Rated single-B2 by Moody's and single-B by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
   Pacific Gas  Electric Co. -- $200 million issue of first
and refunding mortgage bonds, due May 1, 2025, was won in
competitive bidding by a group led by Morgan Stanley  Co.
and was reoffered as 8.375% at 96.057 to yield 8.74%. The
first and refunding mortgage bonds are noncallable for 10
years. They can be called at 102.51 starting in the 11th
year, and at par in 2015. The issue was priced at a spread of
70 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. The
securities are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and single-A by
SP.
   Vons Cos. -- $150 million issue of senior subordinated
notes, due April 1, 2002, was priced late Monday at par to
yield 9.625%. The senior subordinated notes are noncallable
for five years, then callable at 103.609. The issue was
priced at a spread of 194 basis points above the Treasury's
10-year note. Rated Ba-3 by Moody's and double-B-minus by
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp.
   Columbia Hospital Corp. -- $100 million issue of 10.875%
senior subordinated notes, due March 1, 2002, was priced at
99.271 to yield 11%. The senior subordinated notes are
noncallable for five years. The issue can then be called at
103.107 in 1997, at 101.554 in 1998 and at par in 1999. Rated
single-B-2 by Moody's and single-B by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette
Securities Corp.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Fisher Scientific International Inc. -- 6.5 million shares
priced at $21.875 each through underwriters led by First
Boston Corp.
   E.W. Scripps Co. -- secondary offering of four million
Class A shares were priced at $24.25 each through
underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   SciClone Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- An initial public
offering of 3 million common shares, and 3 million redeemable
warrants, priced at $7.25 and 20 cents, respectively. The
offering was made through underwriters led by Josephthal Lyon
 Ross Inc., New York.
   Applebee's International Inc. -- 2.8 million shares priced
at $15 each through underwriters led by Piper Jaffray 
Hopwood Inc.
   Summit Care Corp. -- An initial offering of 2.1 million
shares priced at $10.50 each through underwriters led by
Dillon Read  Co.
   Liposome Technology Inc. -- two million shares priced at
$16 each through underwriters led by Oppenheimer  Co. Gross
spread is 96 cents, selling concession is 55 cents and
reallowance is 10 cents.
   Calgene Inc. -- two million shares priced at $11.25 each
through underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc.
   First Western Corp. -- initial 1.75 million shares priced
at $11 each through underwriters led by Prudential Securities
Inc.
   EZCorp Inc. -- 1.5 million shares priced at $16.50 each
through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
   Production Operators Corp. -- one million shares priced at
$29.50 each through underwriters led by Tucker Anthony  R.L.
Day Inc.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $750 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Goldman, Sachs  Co. The offering, Series
1992-69, is backed by Fannie Mae 8.50% mortgage securities.
The weighted average lives assume prepayments at 200% of the
PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate
of 9.10% and weighted average remaining term to maturity of
29.58 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $600 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Merrill Lynch 
Co. The offering, Series 1992-65, is backed by Fannie Mae
8.50% mortgage securities. The weighted average lives assume
prepayments at 200% of the PSA Model. The collateral has a
weighted average coupon rate of 9.25% and weighted average
remaining term to maturity of 29.75 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $510 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Lehman
Brothers. The offering, Series 1992-68, is backed by Fannie
Mae 15-year 8% mortgage securities. The weighted average
lives assume prepayments at 165% of the PSA Model. The
collateral has a weighted average coupon rate of 8.65% and
weighted average remaining term to maturity of 14.83 years.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $165 million
issue of Remic securities offered by J.P. Morgan Securities
is backed by stripped principal-only 9.50% 15-year Fannie Mae
mortgage securities. Of this collateral, $90.47 million is
from stripped mortgage-backed securities trust 103 and $75.34
million is from stripped mortgage-backed securities trust
107. The weighted average lives assume prepayments at 375% of
the PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted average coupon
rate of 10.267% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 11.92 years.

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Puerto Rico Public Building Authority -- $384.545 million
bonds have been priced by a First Boston Corp. group. The
issue is comprised of the following four parts: $150,000,000
Series L public education and health facilities bonds;
$130,730,000 Series K public education and health facilities
refunding bonds; $60,000,000 Series K revenue bonds, and
$43,815,000 Series J revenue refunding bonds. For the entire
issue, yields range from 3.80% in 1993 to 7.04% in 2021. The
bonds are rated Baa1 by Moody's and single-A by SP.
   New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority -- $275
million transportation system revenue bonds were won by a
Goldman Sachs group. Goldman won the Series 1992 A bonds with
a true interest cost of approximately 6% and set the yields
at 3.50% in 1993 to 6.20% in 2002. The issue has been rated
double-A by both Moody's and SP.
   Kansas Department of Transportation -- $250 million
highway revenue bonds have been priced by a Smith Barney,
Harris Upham  Co. Inc. group. The Series 1992 issue was
priced to yield from 5% in 1996 to 6.65% in 2012. Both
Moody's and SP have given the issue a double-A rating.
   Los Angeles Dept. of Water and Power -- $150 million
electric plant revenue bonds, issue of 1992, due April 1,
1998-2015, and 2032, apparently were won by a Morgan Stanley
 Co. group with a bid setting the true interest cost at
6.6869%. The bonds, rated double-A by both Moody's and SP,
were priced for reoffering to yield from 5.60% in 1998 to
6.60% in 2009-2012. Current interest serial bonds are priced
to yield from 5.60% in 1998 to 6.60% in 2009-2012. There are
$86.7 million bonds due in 2032 that are not formally
reoffered to investors. In addition, bonds maturing in
2013-2015 are not formally reoffered to investors.
   Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority --
$96.285 million homeownership revenue bonds, 1992 Series A
and B, due March 1, and Sept. 1, 1993-2002, 2009, 2020, and
2023, were tentatively priced by a Bear Stearns  Co. Inc.
group to yield from 4.00% in 1993 to 7.10% in 2023. Series A
consists of appoximately $79.255 million bonds. Current
interest serial bonds are priced at par to yield from 4.00%
in 1993 to 6.50% in 2002. There are $21.39 million 7.00% term
bonds priced at par in 2009; $39.69 million 7.10% term bonds
priced at par in 2023. Series B consists of approximately
$17.03 million of bonds. The single tranche of 6.63% bonds
are priced at par. The bonds are rated single-A-plus by SP.
A rating of double-A is expected from Moody's.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBOND
                                                                                                       

   Tokyu Land Corp. (Japan) -- 20 billion yen offering of
6.1% Eurobonds due July 3, 1996, at issue price 101.10 via
Yamaichi International Europe Ltd. Offered to investors
intially at a fixed price of 99.725 to yield 6.17%. Fees
1.375.
   GS Financial Products International LP (U.S. parent) -- 30
billion yen with a four-part offering of Eurobonds. Tranche
`A'-four billion yen of bonds due June 19, 1995, paying
initially 0.30 points above the yen six-month London
interbank offered rate, reverting to a fixed coupon of 5.90%;
issue price is 100.25. Tranche `B'-six billion yen of bonds
due June 19, 1997, paying 0.30 points above yen Libor,
reverting to a fixed coupon of 6.3%; issue price is 100.375.
Tranche `C'-6.6 billion yen of bonds due Sept. 14, 1998,
paying 0.50 points above yen Libor at issue price 100.50.
Tranche `D'3.4 billion yen of bonds due Sept. 13, 1999,
paying 0.50 points above yen Libor at issue price 100.625.
Fees not disclosed.
   Smithkline Beecham Capital Inc. (U.K. parent) -- 125
million Canadian dollars of 9.50% Eurobonds due April 15,
1997, at issue price 101.326 via Merrill Lynch International.
Offered intially at a fixed price of 99.751 to yield 9.52%,
margin of 0.45 points above Canadian government's 8.25% due
1997. Guarantor Smithkline Beecham PLC. Fees 1.875.
   Banque Indosuez (France) -- ECU 75 million of 10%
Eurobonds due April 27, 1994, at issue price 102 via Daiwa
Europe Ltd. Offered intially at fixed price of 101.075 to
yield 9.89%. Fees 1.125.
   Inter-American Development Bank (supranational) -- adds
150 million Swiss francs to its outstanding issue of 7%
privately placed notes due Feb. 18, 2000, priced at 102.375,
via Banque Paribas (Suisse). Fees standard.
   Onward Kashiyama Co. Ltd. (Japan) -- $200 million of 3.25%
Eurobonds due April 2, 1996, at issue price par via Nomura
International PLC. Each $5,000 bond carries one warrant,
exercisable from April 9, 1992, to March 26, 1996, to buy
Onward Kashiyama shares at expected 2.50% premium above
closing share price on March 24. Fees 2.25.
   Sagami Co. Ltd. (Japan) -- 60 million marks of bonds with
equity-purchase warrants, a 4.625% coupon due April 2, 1996,
at par via Nikko Bank GmbH. Warants exercisable from April
16, 1992, to March 19, 1996. Fixing date March 24. Fees 2.25.