Business Brief:
   Eli Lilly Discloses
   Plan to Sell Business
   To Japanese Partner
It also marks the latest in a trend in which U.S. drug
companies are increasingly distancing themselves from their
Japanese venture partners.
   Lilly and Shionogi have made Qualicaps, which are hard
gelatin capsules, through a joint venture in Japan for 25
years. Shionogi will pay an undisclosed amount to the
Indianapolis pharmaceutical giant to gain full ownership of
the venture, as well as Lilly's Qualicaps operations in the
U.S., Europe and Mexico.
   The sale makes sense for Lilly because the Qualicaps
business is relatively small and "didn't fit very well" with
the company's core operations, said analyst Ronald Nordmann
of PaineWebber. "Lilly has been downsizing its operations for
a number of years," he said, and the Qualicaps business was
"one of the last remaining unmatched businesses."
   Additionally, hard gelatin capsules are relatively
outdated; most growth currently is in soft gelatin and other
types of capsules, Mr. Nordmann said.
   On the flip side of the planned transaction, Shionogi will
give back to Lilly the rights to market Humulin in Japan, the
world's second-largest pharmaceutical market. The companies
will co-promote the genetically engineered human insulin
until July 1996, when Lilly will become the sole marketer.
Shionogi has marketed Humulin there for Lilly since 1986,
when it was introduced in the country.