World Markets:
   Recent Measures Inject Hope Into Tokyo Market,
   But Road to Recovery May Not Yet Be Clear
   ----
   By Jane-Ellen Rosenberger
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Osaka rule changes have not had a "major impact on
{trading} volume but, psychologically, combined with the LDP
task force, they have in fact boosted sentiment. And
psychological sentiment is the one major stumbling block
that's been keeping the market from going forward," said
Kathy Matsui, investment strategist at Barclays de Zoete Wedd
Securities (Japan).
   The 225-share Nikkei index closed Friday at 22107.12, up
2.20 points after gaining 168.55 points Thursday. Volume on
the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange was an
estimated 200 million shares, down slightly from 222.9
million Thursday. Advancers outpaced decliners, 522 to 470.
The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of firstsection
issues, which rose 5.20 points Thursday, was down 3.83 points
to 1627.42.
   The Nikkei is down about 43% from its high of 38915.87 on
the last day of trading in 1989. Volume has fallen greatly.
   On Monday, the Nikkei index fell 209.33 points to close
the morning session at 21897.79.
   Ms. Matsui predicted that the U.S. employment figures
released Friday would be a key factor this week because the
Tokyo market is sensitive to anything that lessens or
increases the possibility that the U.S. Federal Reserve will
cut its discount rate. Many believe that the Bank of Japan
would follow a rate cut by the U.S. with a cut of its own,
which would give Tokyo stocks a boost.
   The market will also await recommendations, possibly this
week, from the LDP task force studying stock market-support
measures. Finance Minister Tsutomu Hata said Friday the
group's existence is a good thing, but he cautioned against
short-term fixes to give the market just a temporary shot in
the arm.
   While the formation of the study group has given the
market an overall psychological lift, the risk is that its
recommendations may not be viable or work quickly enough.
"People could also be disappointed when the proposals don't
materialize into anything that's going to make a difference,"
said Brian Tobin, a salesman at S.G. Warburg Securities Inc.
   Perhaps the biggest boost to investor confidence came from
the Osaka exchange's new rules on futures and options
trading, analysts and traders said. "The upshot of the moves
is that {officials} are opening up disclosure in the
mysterious world of futures and options," said Jesper Koll,
chief economist at S.G. Warburg Securities Japan.
   The Osaka exchange's changes concern trading in Nikkei-225
futures and options. Futures and options are also traded on
the Tokyo exchange in the form of the Topix, but the volume
is considerably less than Osaka's Nikkei-225. For the March
futures contract, for example, the Nikkei-225 has 30,536
contracts, nearly 10 times the 3,772 contracts on the Topix.
   The high volume of trading in those derivatives have been
cited by many as being responsible for sparking volatility
and hurting volume on the Tokyo stock market. Based on the
value of underlying securities, Tokyo stock-market
derivatives trading during the past two years has far
surpassed daily activity in the cash market, where trading
has been down since the crash of 1990.
   Specifically, the Osaka exchange limited options exercises
to once a month on expiration day, starting with the June
contract. Previously, options traders were allowed to
exercise the rights every Thursday, which led to holders
trying to push the Nikkei index either up or down to take
advantage of their positions.
   The exchange also mandated the daily disclosure of the 20
most-active exchange members in both options and futures. In
addition, the settlement price of options will be decided
based on the Nikkei's opening on the day following the
expiration day. Finally, the afternoon trading session was
shortened by 10 minutes to end at 3 p.m. The changes "are
very good for the market long-term," said one foreign futures
trader. "They make a lot of sense. This is different than
talking the market up -- it's a real change."
   Not all traders and analysts are so optimistic, however.
An official at another foreign brokerage firm disputed the
notion that futures and options trading is the sole reason
why trading on the Tokyo stock market has been so volatile.
He noted that the Nikkei is a simple average -- not
capital-weighted. Thus, trading in some shares can cause
disproportional movements in the market.
   Analysts agreed that they don't expect investors --
particularly individuals -- to jump right back in. It will
take more time to woo them back permanently, they said.
"People are still really annoyed about {Japan's} stock
scandals -- it will take some time before confidence in the
broking industry in Japan is restored," said S.G. Warburg's
Mr. Tobin.
   ---
   Other Market Activity
                                                                                                       

   London shares weakened, while Frankfurt stocks finished
mixed.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index lost 17.1 points to 2517.2, after dropping 12.8 points
Thursday. Friday's close was just a hair above the intraday
low of 2517. The FT 30-stock index shed 16.1 points to
1945.1, after declining 9.7 points Thursday.
   Share prices finished just above the day's lows, as the
latest slump in U.S. employment caused gloom. News that
January's non-farm payrolls fell 91,000 -- compared with
expectations for a rise of 33,000 -- added to mounting
evidence of economic weakness in the U.S.
   The jobs data from the U.S. sent the dollar plummeting
against major currencies and put pressure on London's
international equities sector. Many of Britain's big
blue-chip companies are heavily dependent on
dollar-denominated earnings.
   Friday was the final day of the current two-week trading
account, and investors unloaded positions in anticipation of
the market heading lower this week. Domestic economic and
political worries were also cited as reasons. Investors are
bracing for a clutch of British economic data due for release
this week. The data, which include figures on inflation,
industrial production, average earnings and unemployment, are
expected to show continuing economic weakness.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index ended at 1685.52, up
4.39 points after a fall of 5.49 points Thursday. Stocks
finished narrowly mixed in a quiet finish to the week.
Turnover was thin, with the DAX fluctuating only slightly.
   In Hong Kong, shares climbed sharply in heavy trading, as
investors remained buoyant over Chinese leaders' recent
comments backing economic reform.
   The blue-chip Hang Seng index jumped 39.28 points to
4711.37, its second consecutive high after Monday's 70-point
rally. (The market was closed for 3 1/2 days for the Chinese
New Year holiday.) The index has declined in only five
sessions so far this year, recording a gain of more than 400
points, or 9.5%.
   Turnover stood at 2.79 billion Hong Kong dollars (US$360
million), the heaviest in two weeks, compared with Monday's
half-day total of HK$1.64 billion.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   % This
                                 Feb 6     Feb 5     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. .....................    387.1     387.3    - 0.8
   Britain ..................    750.6     754.1    + 1.8
   Canada ...................    407.3     407.3    + 2.9
   Japan ....................    942.0     940.9    - 4.8
   France ...................    526.7     527.0    + 5.3
   Germany ..................    261.6     260.8    + 7.5
   Hong Kong ................   3416.2    3416.2    +10.4
   Switzerland ..............    219.5     218.3    + 7.0
   Australia ................    338.1     340.3    - 3.7
   World index ..............    528.3     527.7    - 1.3