General Cinema Files
   To Sell Debt Securities
   Of Up to $500 Million
General Cinema said it plans to use some of the proceeds
to redeem $100 million of its 10 3/4% subordinated notes in
June. Salomon Brothers Inc., First Boston Corp. and Lehman
Brothers were named managers of the offering. The theater and
retail concern also said that tomorrow it will redeem the $44
million outstanding of Harcourt's 14 3/4% subordinated
pay-in-kind debentures, to cut interest expenses. General
Cinema said that it has bought about $45 million of Harcourt
high-interest bonds in open-market transactions.
   A General Cinema spokesman said that under the redemption
terms, holders of each $1,000 principal amount outstanding
will receive $1,012.50 plus accrued interest, sharply higher
than the $470 that holders of 90% of the 14 3/4% subordinated
debentures received under terms of the acquisition of
Harcourt by General Cinema last fall.
   Separately, in New York, a former preferred-share holder
of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich filed a lawsuit in federal court
alleging that the publishing company misled the public about
its financial condition in 1989. The suit seeks class-action
status for those who bought Harcourt's 12% exchangeable
preferred shares March 30 to Nov. 13, 1989. The suit asserts
Harcourt overstated what the company would get for the sale
of some property and amusement parks and misled the public to
believe the book-publishing business was profitable.
   The suit seeks damages in connection with the preferred
stock's price decline to $5.25 a share from a high of $12.
   General Cinema said it hadn't seen the suit and couldn't
comment.