Emerson Radio Says
   It Plans to Distribute
   New Purchase Rights
The new rights, to be distributed March 13 to stock of
record on that date, allow for the purchase for $6, of any
number of Emerson shares with a market value equal to $12,
twice the exercise price. Emerson shares were trading in New
York Stock Exchange composite trading at $2.875, unchanged.
At that price, the exercise of the right would yield nearly
4.2 shares.
   In March 1991, Semi-Tech reached an agreement to purchase
10 million Emerson shares for a total of $30 million, but the
acquisition is contingent on Emerson completing a debt
restructuring. Meanwhile, Fidenas last August proposed to
acquire 15.4 million common shares for $40 million, also on
the condition that the restructuring is successful. Emerson
has 37.8 million shares outstanding.
   The new rights would be triggered when an investor gets at
least a 20.47% stake in the company or 10 days after an
investor announces its intention to acquire a stake of at
least 30%. Currently, the largest stake held in the company
is 20.46%, by Fidenas.
   Emerson also is redeeming old common share purchase rights
for one cent per right, payable March 20 to stock of record
March 13. The old rights have an exercise price of $33 a
share. It said the new rights bear "a more appropriate
relationship to the value" of its shares.
   If Emerson's board approves an equity stake purchase, the
new rights will be terminated without the payment of a
redemption price or any other compensation.