Technology  Medicine:
   Progress With Mice
   May Aid in Study
   Of Blood Disorders
   ----
   By Marilyn Chase
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
So far, the growing field of SCID mouse research has been
dominated by three groups: Systemix Inc., Palo Alto, Calif.,
which is 60%-controlled by Swiss pharmaceutical giant Sandoz
Ltd.; the Medical Biology Institue in La Jolla, Calif.; and
the Weizmann Institute of Rehovot, Israel.
   The Immunex-Toronto team discovered that giving the mice a
unique combination of growth factors following bone marrow
transplant nourished the regrowth of a wide range of red and
white blood cells found in the human body.
   "This is an exciting paper, and a major advance in the
development of a humanized mouse," said Jerome Groopman,
chief of hematology at the New England Deaconess Hospital in
Boston.
   Coaxing an array of transplanted cells to take root and
mature makes the SCID mouse a potentially more powerful tool
for the study of diseases that attack different elements of
the blood and bone marrow. These might include red-cell
deficiencies like anemia and thalassemia, as well as the
malignant overgrowth of white cells that occurs in leukemia.
   The key to repopulating these red and white blood-cell
lineages was treating the mice with one or more human
proteins: human mast-cell growth factor, or Immunex's new
hybrid protein called PIXY321, a combination of interleukin-3
and GM-CSF. In some mice treated with both mast-cell factor
and PIXY321, researchers reported that the mouse bone marrow
was replaced by as much as 50% with human cells within a
month.
   Overall, the treated mice produced at least 10 times more
human cells than their untreated counterparts, the team said.
The report in this week's edition of the journal Science was
written by John E. Dick and Tsvee Lapidot and their
colleagues at the University of Toronto, along with Douglas
E. Williams of Immunex.