Retail Chains'
   February Sales
   Top Estimates
   ---
   Gains Exceed Expectations
   Second Month in a Row;
   Firms Remain Cautious
   ----
   By Teri Agins
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Stephen Watson, president of Minneapolis-based Dayton
Hudson Corp., summed up the mood among retailers and analysts
alike. "We are pleased with the sales increase overall, but
we believe it's too early to predict any trends. We will have
a far better picture by the end of the March-April Easter
period." Dayton Hudson's sales at stores open at least a year
rose 6%.
   February sales rose on the average of 7.5%, according to
Alex. Brown's index of 16 retailers; PaineWebber's composite
of 21 retailers put February gains at 9.7% from a year
earlier.
   The exception to the generally upbeat news was San
Francisco-based Gap Inc., which surprised the market by
posting only a 7% gain at stores open at least a year -- a
sharp drop from its usual double-digit gains. In January, the
casual clothes juggernaut's same-store sales climbed 14%.
   In a conference call to analysts, a Gap official said that
the company's earnings would be slower in the year ending
Feb. 1, 1993, due in part to heavy marketing and advertising
expenditures. He added that in February, Gap's children's
division had the weakest sales due to low inventory levels.
By contrast, Gap's troubled Banana Republic chain posted
"above average" growth, apparently signaling a turnaround in
that division.
   As investors rushed to dump Gap shares, the announcement
caused a delay in the opening of trading of the stock.
Yesterday, Gap was the fourth most actively traded stock on
the New York Stock Exchange on volume of 3.6 million. It
closed at $46 down $2.375.
   One analyst estimated that Gap's fiscal 1993 earnings will
increase 15% to 20% compared with a 59% increase in fiscal
1992. In 1992, Gap's net income totaled $229.9 million, or
$1.62 a share, on sales of $2.52 billion.
   The nation's largest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., based
in Bentonville, Ark., benefited from an extra Saturday in its
reporting period and tallied a same-store gain of 20%. Minus
the extra day, Wal-Mart's same-store sales would have risen
about 13%, the company estimated.
   Kmart Corp., Troy, Mich., posted a sales increase at
domestic and foreign stores open at least a year of 4.3%. In
Chicago, Sears, Roebuck  Co.'s merchandise group, reported
brisk February sales in all merchandise categories. Sears
posted a same-store sales gain of 8.9%.
   Healthy sales of men's and women's apparel as well as
window coverings helped Dallas-based J.C.Penney Co. register
same-store gains of 10.5%. Although Penney's had been making
a concerted effort to upgrade its merchandise during the past
few years, the retailer is "now focusing on its core
customers and value price points which are driving sales,"
says Robert Buchanan of Alex. Brown.
   At Limited Inc., Columbus, Ohio, same-store sales grew 5%.
But results were hurt by the company's flagship Limited Store
division, where same-store sales fell 5%, analysts estimated.
"Limited is continuing to dig out of a hole as it raises the
fashion content in the merchandise," says Mr. Buchanan.
   The strong February showings are expected to bolster
retailers' first-quarter earnings. Jeffrey Feiner of Salomon
Brothers Inc. estimates first-quarter earnings will increase
about 10% to 15% from a year ago. "Despite the promotional
environment, store traffic is up and that will lead to
relatively favorable earnings increases," Mr. Feiner said.
   ---
                 Four-week February period
                                                                                                       

                             a-'92 sales  '91 sales     b-%
                               millions    millions   change
                                                                                                       

   Wal-Mart-c ................  3,609.0     2,703.0   +34.0%
   K mart ....................  2,261.0     2,052.0   +10.2
   Sears .....................  1,480.0     1,340.0   + 9.8
   Dayton Hudson-d ...........  1,020.0       905.0   +12.9
   J.C. Penney-g .............    715.0       642.0   +11.3
   Melville Corp.-f ..........    668.0       633.0   + 5.6
   May Dept. Stores-e ........    629.0       580.0   + 8.4
   Woolworth .................    349.0       352.0   - 0.7
   Limited Inc. ..............    410.0       359.7   +14.0
   Gap Inc. ..................    146.0       119.0   +23.0
   TJX Cos. ..................    183.0       159.0   +15.0
   Mercantile Stores .........    153.3       134.2   +14.3
   Charming Shoppes ..........     69.2        56.9   +22.0
   Merry-Go-Round ............     48.1        41.5   +16.0
   Jamesway ..................     44.6        40.6   +10.0
                                                                                                       

   a-Total U.S. sales from continuing operations. B-Based on
exact sales. c-Includes sales of McLane subsidary. d-Includes
results of Marshall Field's department stores since
acquisition in June 1990. e-Includes sales of Thalhimers
since acquisition in November 1990. f-Includes sales of KK
Toys and Foot Action, acquired in Oct. and Nov. 1991.
g-Includes sales of Penney stores and catalogs.