Credit Markets:
   Most Bond Price Fall, Despite Good Demand
   At Treasury's Record Two-Year Note Auction
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell and Kevin Donovan
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Most short-term securities briefly rebounded after the
auction results were released but reversed direction near the
end of the day and ended sharply lower. The two-year Treasury
notes auctioned in December, for example, ended less than 1/8
point lower as the yield rose to 4.96% from 4.91%, about as
large a rise as in the 30year issue.
   At the two-year note auction, the Treasury said it sold
the $13.77 billion of twoyear notes at an average yield of
4.99%, the lowest yield at a two-year note auction since the
Treasury began issuing that maturity in 1974. At the previous
two-year note auction Dec. 18, the average yield was 5.12%.
   Other statistics indicated strong demand. The ratio of the
amount of bids to the amount of securities sold was 3.1-to-1,
compared with 2.27-to-1 at the Dec. 18 auction of two-year
notes.
   Noncompetitive bids, a gauge of individual investor
demand, were $1.14 billion, compared with $891 million at
last month's auction.
   "The two-year note auction went quite well," said Lawrence
Leuzzi, a managing director at S.G. Warburg  Co., a primary
dealer of government securities. "With the target for the
federal funds rate at 4% and with the {Federal Reserve's} Tan
Book showing that the economy is lackluster, the 5% coupon on
the two-year notes clearly has value to both investors and
traders."
   The Fed's Tan Book, also often called the Beige Book, is a
summary of economic activity prepared for use at the central
bank's Federal Open Market Committee meetings, with the next
one scheduled for Feb. 4-5. It was prepared by the Federal
Reserve Bank of Atlanta and reflects information gathered
before Jan. 13.
   Among other things, the Fed report said that economic
activity was "lackluster" as 1991 drew to a close, price
trends indicated "minimal" pressures on wages and retail
prices, commodity and material prices were generally
unchanged or declining, and manufacturing output and
employment were steady in some parts of the nation and
declining in others. "Except for export goods, orders and
backlogs generally softened into 1992," the Fed report said.
   Such news normally would spark a bond market rally,
because bonds tend to perform well on news of weak business
activity. But traders said the Fed's report was overshadowed
by numerous other factors.
   Mr. Leuzzi said the market was affected by continued
hedging activity by bond dealers related to the deluge of new
corporate bonds sold in recent weeks. So far this week, more
than $3.5 billion of corporate debt has been brought to
market. Frequently, securities firms seek to reduce their
risk in underwriting corporate bonds by selling Treasury
securities.
   Mr. Leuzzi said the market also was hurt by a
stronger-than-expected report on new housing starts, investor
uncertainty about where the economy is heading and concern
about the market's ability to absorb billions of dollars of
new Treasury securities to be sold early next month during
the Treasury's quarterly refunding of the federal debt.
   The Commerce Department reported that housing starts and
building permits in December rose 2.6% and 5.8%,
respectively. "The housing numbers do show some response to
lower interest rates," said Michael Strauss, chief economist
at UBS Securities Inc.
   The market also was affected by comments made by two Fed
officials. Federal Reserve Board Governor John LaWare, in an
appearance before a New York state legislative committee,
said a gradual economic recovery is under way in the U.S.
that will reach all parts of the country by year's end. "I
think we're in a genuine recovery," he said.
   Meanwhile, E. Gerald Corrigan, president of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York, told a conference at the Americas
Society in New York that he saw "potential for a strong
economic recovery . . . which may surprise us all."
   Looking ahead, the Treasury will sell $9.25 billion of
five-year notes today. In when-issued trading, the notes were
quoted at 6.28%, up 0.03 percentage point from late Tuesday.
   On today's economic calendar are the weekly initial
unemployment insurance claims report, the December federal
budget statement and mid-January domestic car sales.
   A Dow Jones Capital Markets Report survey of economists
found expectations of a rise of 57,000 in initial jobless
claims in the week ended Jan. 11, after a decline of 49,000
the previous week.
   Car sales were an anemic 5.3 million units at an annual
rate in early January, and analysts will be eyeing the
mid-January figures for any sign of a consumer response to
lower interest rates.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Treasurys ended sharply lower. The benchmark 30-year bond
ended at a price of 104 8/32 to yield 7.625% compared with
104 29/32 to yield 7.571% on Tuesday.
   The 10-year notes ended at 102 24/32 to yield 7.09%
compared with 103 9/32 to yield 7.01%. Among shorter-term
securities, the two-year notes auctioned in December ended at
100 1/32 to yield 4.96% compared with 100 4/32 to yield
4.91%.
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it.
                                                                                                       

                                       Two-Year Notes
                                                                                                       

   Applications                        $42,669,650,000
   Accepted bids                       $13,766,000,000
   Accepted at low price                           25%
   Accepted noncompetitively            $1,140,000,000
   Average price (Rate)                 99.784 (4.99%)
   High price (Rate)                    99.802 (4.98%)
   Low price (Rate)                     99.765 (5.00%)
   Interest rate                                4 7/8%
   CUSIP number                              912827D82
                                                                                                       

   The notes are dated Jan. 31, 1992, and mature Jan. 31,
1994.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Corporations continued to pile more bonds and notes on
investors as attractive interest rates offered a compelling
reason to refinance debt.
   Slightly more than $1.4 billion of debt securities was
sold by corporations yesterday. That's on top of more than $2
billion of corporate debt securities offered Tuesday and
almost $25 billion sold already this year.
   Many of the companies selling bonds were doing so to
replace high-coupon debt issues with cheaper financing. For
instance, Canada's Manitoba province, the largest single
issuer of the day, will use part of the proceeds from its
bond sale to retire debt.
   Manitoba sold $500 million of 10-year debentures yielding
7.76%. The debentures were sold through underwriters led by
First Boston Corp.
   Another issuer, Arizona Public Service Co., will also use
most of the funds from its bond sale for debt redemptions.
Arizona Public Service offered $325 million of first mortgage
bonds in two parts. The first part consisted of $150 million
of five-year bonds yielding 7.15% while the second part
consisted of $175 million of 32-year bonds priced to yield
8.83%.
   "This is the cheapest long-term money we've had in almost
20 years," says Bill Hemelt, treasurer at Arizona Public
Service, a unit of Pinnacle West Capital Corp. Mr. Hemelt
said, "It's hard to project where interest rates are going to
go, and so we felt this was a good time" to sell debt. He
said the company will probably face "additional
opportunities" to replace high-coupon bonds with cheaper debt
in coming months.
   The company could still issue $425 million of additional
debt, based on a shelf registration with the Securities and
Exchange Commission for the potential sale of $750 million of
debt from time to time.
   The Arizona Public Service bonds, which were sold through
underwriters led by First Boston, sold briskly. Strong
investor demand prompted underwriters to increase the
long-bond portion of the offering from an originally planned
$150 million.
   Peter Milhaupt, director in capital markets at First
Boston Corp., said issuers are being drawn into the market by
a combination of factors, among them "the fact that you have
low yields and tight spreads."
   In trading yesterday, prices of high-grade bonds ended 3/8
to 1/2 point lower. Junk bonds generally finished little
changed in lackluster trading.
   The notable exceptions were junk bonds of Chrysler Corp.,
which slumped on news that Moody's Investors Service Inc. has
downgraded the credit of Chrysler and certain units. The move
lowers the rating on Chrysler's senior debt to single-B-2
from single-Ba-3.
   Chrysler's 12% debentures due in 2015 lost 2 to end at 71
1/2. That translates into a loss of $20 for a bond with a
$1,000 face amount.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Prices of municipal bonds finished generally steady to 1/4
point lower.
   Among secondary issues, the Union County, N.J., Utilities
Authority's 7.15% issues of 2009 closed 1/4 lower at 101 to
yield 6.98%.
   In primary dealings, a Goldman, Sachs  Co. group won the
Dade County, Fla., School District's $200 million of school,
unlimited-tax general obligation bonds in competitive
bidding.
   Yields on the bonds were set at 3.40% in 1993 to 6.385% in
2011. The issue, which is insured by the Financial Guaranty
Insurance Co., carries triple-A ratings from both Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and Standard  Poor's Corp.
   The firm said there was an unsold balance of about $21
million in late trading.
   A Goldman Sachs group also led the negotiated pricing of
the New York State Economic Research Development Authority's
$100 million of revenue bonds.
   The bonds, which are for a Con Edison utility project,
were priced as 6.75% issues at 98.75, to yield 6.84% on Jan.
15, 2027. The issue has been rated Baa-2 by Moody's and
double-A-minus by SP.
                                                                                                       

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage-backed securities finished lower.
   Among actively traded issues, Government National Mortgage
Association 7.5% securities for February delivery ended down
9/32 at 98 15/32. Ginnie Mae 7% issues were down 11/32 at 96
1/32, and the 8% issues, at 100 25/32, were down 10/32.
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 7.5% securities were
down 10/32 at 97 13/ 32, as were the 8% issues, at 100 6/32.
Federal National Mortgage Association 7.5% securities were
down 10/32 at 97 8/32, as were the 8% issues at 100.
   There was little new activity in the secondary market,
following Tuesday's flood of about $2 billion in new and
increased real estate mortgage investment conduits.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   NEW YORK STATE ENERGY RESEARCH  DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY's
$100 million of facilities revenue bonds are rated double-A-2
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. In yesterday's edition, the
utility-project bonds, priced Wednesday by a Goldman Sachs
group, were incorrectly said to have carried a lower Moody's
rating, and the authority's name was misstated.
   (WSJ Jan. 24, 1992)