OTC Focus:
   Shares Drop in Wake of Bush Comment
   On Rates; Spartan Motors Off Sharply
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
Investors were quick to punish highflying OTC stars such
as Spartan Motors, whose earnings fell short of lofty
expectations. Spartan Motors, one of 1991's best-performing
OTC stocks, plunged 8 1/4 to 25 -- although the Charlotte,
Mich., maker of truck chassis reported that fourth-quarter
earnings more than doubled to 21 cents a share from nine
cents a year earlier and revenue rose 139% to $27.2 million.
Before yesterday's plunge, the stock had been trading at 46
times the past year's earnings.
   Spartan's growth "is an impressive achievement, but the
market's in a foul mood if earnings don't go to the sky,"
said Joel Tillinghast, manager of the Fidelity Low-Priced
Stock Fund, which owns the stock. One analyst, he added, had
expected Spartan to earn 29 cents a share. Mr. Tillinghast
said that he thinks some investors underestimated the
seasonality of Spartan's business, which has typically slowed
in the December quarter.
   Elsewhere, investors pocketed their profits in technology
stocks that had rallied sharply Tuesday: Microsoft fell 1 1/2
to 120 1/4, Dell Computer slipped 1 3/8 to 37 7/8, Autodesk
dropped 1 1/2 to 30 3/4, Cisco Systems slumped 1 3/4 to 78
3/4 and Intel slipped 2 to 62 1/2. Borland International,
which has been slumping amid concerns about the software
maker's earnings, extended its slide 2 3/8 to 67.
   Despite the stock market swoon, investors snapped up two
initial public offerings. Day Runner Inc., which sold
1,575,000 initial shares in an offering led by Montgomery
Securities, rose to 17 3/4 from an offering price of 15-up
from an originally planned 12 to 14. The Fullerton, Calif.,
company makes personal organizers.
   United Retail Group, the day's most active OTC stock,
closed at 16, up 1 from an offering price of 15 on nearly 4.6
million shares. In an offering of 4.4 million shares led by
Goldman, Sachs  Co., the Rochelle Park, N.J., retailer sold
3,045,833 shares and Chase Manhattan Investment Holdings sold
its entire stake -- 1,354,167 shares. The price of the
offering was raised from an originally planned range of
$11.50 to $13.50.
   United Retail runs two major retail chains devoted to
large-sized women's clothing -- Sizes Unlimited and The
Avenue. Both chains were purchased by management from
Limited, listed on the New York Stock Exchange, in a July
1989 leveraged buy-out. After the offering, a partnership
affiliated with Limited and one controlled by the investment
firm Lazard Freres  Co. each will own 21.9% of the stock.
Officers and directors will own 16.4% of the company's 11.4
million shares outstanding after the offering.
   Proceeds will be used to pay nearly all of the company's
long-term debt, making United Retail attractive on a
near-term basis to Standard  Poor's analyst Robert Natale.
Profit grew to 76 cents a share in fiscal 1992, ended in
February, from 23 cents a share the prior year, and he
estimates earnings could reach 85 cents in the current fiscal
year. But Mr. Natale said he recommended investors "flip" the
stock, or sell it within a few months, partly because
retailing stocks typically sag in the second half of the
year.
   Plains Spirit Financial closed at 12 7/8 on its first day
of trading. Plains Spirit is a holding company formed in
connection with the conversion of First Federal Savings Bank
of Iowa to stock from mutual ownership. About two million
shares were sold in an offering, priced at $11.50.
   York Research dropped 1 1/4 to 4 1/4 on a heavy 981,800
shares. Its chief executive officer, Robert M. Beningson,
said there weren't any fundamental reasons behind the
decline.
   Trimedyne Inc. rose 3/4 to 10 5/8. The company received
Food and Drug Administration approval to market its
Lateralase laser catheter for use in treating certain
digestive tract ailments. The product will be marketed under
a distribution agreement Trimedyne has with New York Stock
Exchange-listed C.R. Bard.
   Agouron Pharmaceuticals jumped 2 1/2 to 16 3/4. The La
Jolla, Calif., company said its AG-331 drug demonstrated
"significant anti-tumor activity" when tested in animals.
Agouron said it plans to file an Investigational New Drug
application with the FDA for the product later this year.
   Biospherics closed with a gain of 3/4 to 8 1/2, after
trading as high as 10 1/4 intraday. The company said Big
Board-listed Pfizer agreed to evaluate its low-calorie
sweetener, D-Tagatose, for use in foods and beverages.
   Crestmont Financial added 3/4 to 5 1/2. The Edison, N.J.,
concern's Crestmont Federal Savings  Loan unit received
Office of Thrift Supervision approval to resume
non-residential lending. The company had been under a
directive not to make such loans since June 1991.
   Cirrus Logic jumped 1 1/4 to 19 7/8 after the company
agreed to purchase closely held Acumos Inc. of Foster City,
Calif. Cirrus said it will take a charge of six cents to nine
cents a share in the first quarter, ended in June, related to
the acquisition. Cirrus, based in Fremont, Calif., said
earnings from Acumos will "materially" improve its net income
beginning in the second half of fiscal 1993.
   U.S. Homecare lost 1 1/2 to 13 3/4. An offering of 1.5
million additional shares of its common was made at $14 a
share.
   Big B advanced 1 1/2 to 14 after the company recorded
fourth-quarter net income of 43 cents a share, up from 33
cents a share a year ago. The company also increased its
quarterly dividend, to five cents a share from four cents.
   Synalloy gained 1 1/2 to 18 5/8. Analysts at Oppenheimer 
Co. were said to have initiated coverage of the stock with a
"buy" recommendation. Synalloy is a Spartansburg, S.C.,
specialty chemical maker.