Phelps Dodge
   To Post 33%
   In 4th-Quarter Net
   ----
   By Marj Charlier
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In 1990, the Phoenix, Ariz., mining concern reported
fourth-quarter earnings of $102.9 million, or $2.98 a share,
and full-year earnings of $454.9 million, or $13.12 a share.
The company expects to report 1991 revenue was "somewhat
less" than 1990 revenue of $2.6 billion.
   Phelps Dodge produced about 1.07 billion pounds of copper
in 1991 at an average Comex price of $1.05 a pound, compared
with about 1.1 billion pounds at an average price of $1.19 in
1990.
   Protecting Phelps Dodge's earnings from further decline in
1991 was the company's ability to refine all of its own
copper concentrates, Mr. Yearley said in an interview. A
world-wide smelter capacity shortage has nearly doubled
smelting costs for companies without the capacity to refine
their own copper, he said. Some other copper companies are
expected to report significantly lower earnings because of
their increased costs of refining.
   In 1992, the company expects to continue to contain its
costs of production by increasing the amount of its copper
refined by lower-cost solvent-extraction/electrowinning
processes instead of by smelting. The SX/EW process, as it is
known, uses less energy. In 1991, about 40% of the company's
production was refined that way, and in 1992, the SX/EW
portion should increase to 50%, he said.
   Copper prices continued to hold above $1 a pound most of
the year, Mr. Yearley said, because overseas demand made up
for recession-weakened U.S. consumption. Futhermore, world
copper production should increase by only 1% or 1.5% in 1992,
he said, because of the bottleneck in smelting capacity. "We
are pleased with the resiliency of the copper price and the
demand for copper," he added.
   Lower interest rates "are just now coming into play," Mr.
Yearley said, which could help bolster copper prices in 1992.
An increase in housing starts is improving construction
demand for copper, but not causing a boom, he said.
   The company will work to finance its La Candalaria copper
project in Chile this year, Mr. Yearley said, and it plans to
begin construction of the $500 million project during the
year. Phelps Dodge will own about 80% of the project and
initial production should be about 250 million pounds a year,
the company expects.
   The company's McDonald gold project in Montana is
undergoing feasibility studies, Mr. Yearley said. The company
announced in November that it discovered a deposit of about
200 million tons of ore at an average grade of about 0.03
ounces per ton at McDonald. Phelps Dodge owns 72% of the
project.
   The company plans to spend about $35 million in
exploration, largely in Canada, South Africa and near its
current mine locations in 1992. That's similar to the amount
spent in 1991.
   Phelps Dodge's non-mining industries group reported
earnings about half of what they reported in 1990 because of
the recession, Mr. Yearley said. The group earned about 20%
of the total company's net income, he said, and accounted for
about 45% of its revenue. "It was a stronger year for copper
than it was for manufacturing," Mr. Yearley said. The
industry group makes carbon black, truck wheels and rims,
cable and magnet wire.
   The company increased its cash to about $180 million from
about $160 million and reduced its debt slightly to about 20%
of total capital during the year.