Business Brief:
   Holders of General Dynamics Approve
   Revising Executive-Compensation Plan
Speaking at the meeting, Chairman William Anders also said
General Dynamics now anticipates reporting a 1991 year-end
cash balance of about $800 million, an increase over earlier
estimates. He reiterated that "we expect to return excess
cash to shareholders in some manner." In late trading on the
New York Stock Exchange yesterday, General Dynamics shares
were quoted at $58, down 37.5 cents.
   The compensation plan granted credits equal to double an
executive's base salary every time the company's stock
climbed 10 points and stayed there for 10 trading days. The
changes that were approved substitute that setup with a more
traditional stock-option arrangement, thereby introducing
more downside risk into the equation. As part of the
termination of the plan, however, a partial award totaling
about $4.5 million was made to the executives to reflect the
appreciation in the stock price since the last time the
threshold was hit.
   The plan had come under fire with employees and
shareholder rights groups. But Mr. Anders, who himself won
nearly $3 million under the plan, praised it for having
helped improve "current company performance and long-term
company prospects." General Dynamics recently moved its
headquarters to Falls Church, Va., from St. Louis.