What's News --
   Business and Finance
First Union, Bank of New York and other big banks posted
strong fourth-quarter earnings. Bank of New York stock jumped
$3 to $36.625. First Union shares rose $2.50 to $33.25.
   ---
   The dollar surged, bringing its advance over the past week
against European currencies to nearly 8%. The rally is
slicing profits on foreign investments by Americans and could
eventually reduce U.S. exports.
   ---
   Stocks gained again in very heavy trading. The Dow Jones
industrials rose 12.30 points to a record 3258.50. But stocks
of companies in health care, especially biotechnology, sank.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices fell for the fifth consecutive session as
companies sold more than $2 billion in debt.
   ---
   Regulators plan to propose more public scrutiny for the
Treasury market. Meanwhile, about 100 dealers of U.S.-backed
debt agreed to pay $5 million to settle alleged violations.
   ---
   GM is expected to sell Daewoo its 50% stake in their
car-making venture in Korea, amid labor strife, quality woes
and management disputes. The outcome shows the perils of U.S.
industry's rush toward globalization.
                                                                                                       

   GM formed a joint venture in China to assemble compact
pickup trucks for sale in that country. The venture is one of
the biggest U.S. investments in China since the Tiananmen
Square shootings in 1989.
   ---
   Chevron plans to accelerate the disposal of hundreds of
petroleum properties, cut at least 2,500 jobs, possibly close
a big refinery and take $270 million in fourth-period
charges.
   ---
   German government aid that protects Airbus's German
partner from currency fluctuations violates trade accords, an
international panel said.
   ---
   First Chicago suspected questionable practices by a bank
executive more than two years before he was fired and
convicted of taking kickbacks, an internal report suggests.
   ---
   Lloyd's of London plans to put a ceiling on its members'
exposure to losses in a move to stem an outflow of capital
from the insurance group.
   ---
   AMR posted a narrowed fourth-quarter loss and said its
1992 outlook depends entirely on the economy.
   ---
   American Express cut off a Toronto restaurant from
accepting its charge card after the restaurant posted
displays showing customers that it pays a higher fee to
American Express than to other card concerns.
   ---
   World stock prices surged the day after Tuesday's rally on
Wall Street. London's FT-SE 100 index rose 20.8 points to
2537.1. Frankfurt's DAX climbed 38.97 points at 1667.50.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 312,400,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3258.50, up 12.30; transportation 1431.43, up 44.10;
utilities 214.07, off 1.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4275.52, off 15.51.
   Commodities: Oil $18.85 a barrel, up 38 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.91, up 0.70; spot index 114.12, up 0.44.
   Dollar: 128.65 yen, up 1.81; 1.6250 marks, up 0.0330.