Technology:
   Immunex to Swap
   Rights to Products
   With Bristol-Myers
   ----
   By Marilyn Chase
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Under the pact, Immunex is granting New York-based Bristol
future rights for the overseas marketing of its experimental
blood-cell growth factor PIXY321 for treatment of side
effects of chemotherapy. In exchange, Immunex will receive
U.S. marketing rights to certain Bristol products, including
two widely used chemotherapy drugs, Hydrea and Rubex.
   Stephen A. Duzan, Immunex chairman and chief executive
officer, said Immunex has acquired the rights to about 10
Bristol products, which he said should boost product sales
and allow a major increase in the company's research and
development program. Research and development outlays are
expected to rise 50% to $45 million this year from $30
million last year, he said.
   Immunex has just one federally approved product so far in
its portfolio-Leukine, or GM-CSF, which helps stimulate
regrowth of bone marrow in cancer victims after a bone-marrow
transplant. Such treatment hastens recovery and reduces
vulnerabilty to life-threatening infections.
   The full impact of the Bristol accord isn't expected to
reach Immunex's bottom line for several years, Mr. Duzan
said. "We wouldn't expect this to have an impact on profit in
1992," he said. Any additional sales will start this year and
reach what he called "a sustainable peak" in 1994.
   The biotechnology company next week is expected to post a
modest profit for the 1991 fourth quarter and full year
because of Leukine sales. In 1990, Immunex had a loss of $9.9
million, or $1.10 a share, on revenue of $34.9 million.