Lagging Sales Force
   Auto Makers to Shut
   7 Plants Temporarily
The No. 2 U.S. auto maker said it will close for two
weeks, starting Monday, the Wayne, Mich., plant that
assembles its F-series pickups -- the top-selling vehicle in
the nation last year. The plant also builds Ford's full-sized
Bronco sport-utility vehicle.
   Closing for one week, beginning Monday, are Ford's Atlanta
and Chicago plants, which make the midsized Ford Taurus and
Mercury Sable sedans. Both sedans were redesigned last fall.
Ford also plans to idle next week the Wixom, Mich., plant
that is the sole source for its Lincoln luxury cars.
   Meanwhile, General Motors Corp. plans to temporarily close
next week its Van Nuys, Calif., assembly plant, which makes
Chevrolet Camaros and Pontiac Firebirds. GM's Wentzville,
Mo., plant, which builds the Buick Park Avenue, Oldsmobile 88
and Pontiac Bonneville sedans, also will be shut down next
week. GM blamed both moves on slow sales of those vehicles.
   However, GM is running Saturday overtime at five of its
truck assembly plants.
   Chrysler Corp. said its Jeep plant in Toledo, Ohio, won't
operate next week because of weak demand. But the Toledo
plant will run one five-hour overtime shift on Saturday to
compensate for production lost during last week's snow
storms. Chrysler's Newark, Del., plant will run an extra
half-hour on both shifts for four days next week.
   Altogether, the 10 major U.S. auto makers expect to
assemble 102,304 cars this week, up 9.7% from a year earlier
and up 7.4% from last week.
   ---
            This     Last    Yr. Ago  -Yr. to Date-     %
            Week-e   Week-r  Week     1992     1991    Chg.
                                                                                                       

 GM         40,158  45,679  44,575  126,538  153,337   -17
 Ford       24,049  19,204  15,002   58,027   64,054   - 9
 Chrysler   10,780   3,787   9,426   21,182   34,966   -39
 Honda      10,265   8,102   8,905   31,849   30,897   + 3
 Nissan      2,930   2,849   2,899   10,198   11,147   - 9
 Nummi-f     3,440   4,594   4,210   14,090   14,601   - 3
 Mazda       1,785   1,764      22    6,572    9,284   -29
 Diam.Star   3,113   2,796   2,444    9,932   11,022   -10
 Toyota      4,600   5,462   4,410   16,566   16,295   + 2
 Sub-Izu     1,184     997   1,392    3,927    3,996   - 2
 TOTAL     102,304  95,234  93,285  298,881  349,599   -15
                                                                                                       

   e-Estimated. f-Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota
Corolla. r-Revised.