New Securities Issues
Wisconsin Power  Light Co. -- $90 million of first and
refunding bonds, due March 15, 2027, priced as 8.60% at
99.834 to yield 8.615%. The bonds, noncallable for 10 years,
were priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the
Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated double-A-2 by Moody's
Investors Service Inc. and double-A by Standard  Poor's
Corp., the issue will be sold through Goldman Sachs  Co.
Wisconsin Power  Light Co. is a subsidiary of WPL Holdings
Inc.
   Carpenter Technology Corp. -- $100 million of sinking-fund
debentures, due March 15, 2022, was priced as 9% at 99.485 to
yield 9.05%. The debentures, noncallable for 10 years, were
priced at a spread of 1.18 points above the Treasury's
30-year bond. The issue has a minimum average life of 15 1/2
years and a maximum average life of 20 1/2 years. Rated
single-A-3 by Moody's and single-A-minus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Wichita, Kan. -- $41.8 million of sales-tax revenue bonds
priced by a Kidder, Peabody  Co. group. Yields were set at
3.70% in 1993 to 6.45% in 2007. The issue, which is insured
by the Financial Guaranty Insurance Co., carries triple-A
ratings from Moody's and SP.
   Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency -- $49.8 million of
Series 1992-33 single-family mortgage revenue bonds priced by
a Bear, Stearns  Co. group. Yields were set at 4.50% in 1994
to 6.95% in 2017. Ratings of double-A are expected from
Moody's and SP.
   New York State Thruway Authority -- $155.3 million of 1992
Series-A bonds priced by a Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
Inc. group. The issue consists of two parts: $85.6 million of
emergency highway construction and reconstruction bonds, and
$69.7 million of emergency highway reconditioning and
preservation bonds. The bonds yield from 3.00% in 1993 to
6.125% in 2002. The issue is insured by Financial Security
Assurance. The bonds are rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B
by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $230 million of real
estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Salomon Brothers Inc. The offering, Series Gold 1253, is
backed by Freddie Mac Gold 15-year 8% mortgage securities.
The weighted average lives assume prepayments at 175% of the
PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted average coupon rate
of 8.70% and weighted average remaining term to maturity of
14 3/4 years.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
Remics offered by Lehman Brothers. The offering, Series Gold
1254, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 8 1/2% mortgage
securities. The weighted average lives assume prepayments at
200% of the PSA Model. The collateral has a weighted average
coupon rate of 9.15% and weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 29 3/4 years.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Biosys -- An offering of 2.6 million common shares priced
at $12 a share through underwriters led by Kemper Securities.
   Celox Corp. -- An initial offering of 1.5 million shares
priced at $3.50 a share through underwriters led by Mathews,
Holmquist  Associates Inc.
   Forschner Group Inc. -- An offering of 1.6 million shares
priced at $11.50 each through underwriters led by Allen  Co.
The size of the offering was increased from 1.2 million
shares.
   Dauphin Deposit Corp. -- An offering of 350,000 shares
priced at $37.50 each through underwriters led by Bear,
Stearns  Co.
   Merisel Inc. -- An offering of 4.9 million shares priced
at $12.875 each through underwriters led by Robinson-Humphrey
Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   European Investment Bank (supranational) -- 500 million
Canadian dollars of 8 7/8% Eurobonds due March 27, 2002, at
an issue and reoffer price of 99.64 via Bankers Trust
International. Yield 8.93% annually, margin 0.13 point above
comparable Canadian government issue. Fees 0.325 point.
   Deutsche Finance N.V. (Germany) -- 300 million European
currency units of 8 3/8% Eurobonds due March 24, 1999, at
issue price 101.45 via Deutsche Bank Capital Markets. Offered
to investors initially at fixed price of 99.875 to yield
8.40% annually. Guarantor Deutsche Bank AG. Fees 1 7/8.
   Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde (Italy) --
$200 million of floating-rate notes due April 10, 1997 via
UBS Phillips  Drew. Notes pay 1/16 point above six-month
London Interbank Offered Rate, issue price of par. Offered to
investors initially at a fixed price of 99.53. Callable from
April 10, 1995 at par. Fees 0.645.
   Istituto per lo Sviluppo Economico dell'Italia Meridionale
(Italy) -- $150 million of floating-rate notes due April
1995, via Bankers Trust International. Notes pay 0.30 point
above sixmonth Libor, issue price par. Offered to investors
initially at a fixed price of 99.80. Fees 0.33.