Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Jump 60.60 to a Record
   Despite Grim Economic Reports
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Broader market measures also rallied. The Standard 
Poor's 500-Stock Index jumped 6.10 to a record 420.44, and
the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index gained 3.10 to a
record 231.57. Advancing issues swamped decliners 1,250 to
525 at the Big Board, where volume surged to 264,550,000
shares from 200,270,000 shares Monday.
   The surge came in spite of discouraging economic news:
U.S. retail sales fell 0.4% in December to a seasonally
adjusted $151.15 billion, the Commerce Department said
yesterday morning -- greater than the average 0.3% decline
predicted by 10 economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital
Markets Report. For all of last year, retail sales rose just
0.7%.
   But analysts say that's old news to investors eager to
move cash from money market funds and certificates of deposit
into stocks before an economic turnaround begins in earnest.
   "I think people feel they have to be exposed to stocks and
are looking for a reason to be there. For them, the fourth
quarter is already in the bag," said Larry Greenwald, head
trader at Sanford Bernstein. "But people still want to buy
the laggards; they want to buy what's cheap."
   For another session, cheap meant shares of oil drilling
and oil equipment companies, both of which had been left
behind in the market's rally.
   Among oil drilling stocks, Helmerich  Payne jumped 1 1/8
to 21 1/8; Global Marine added 1/8 to 1 7/8; Parker Drilling
rose 1/4 to 5 7/8; and Rowan gained 5/8 to 5 1/2. Oil
equipment stocks continued to appeal to value hunters:
Schlumberger jumped 1 3/4 to 62 1/4; Baker Hughes gained 7/8
to 20; and McDermott International edged up 5/8 to 17 3/4.
   Oil stocks were swept up in yesterday's rally, though
crude oil prices declined about 30 cents a barrel in
futures-market trading. Atlantic Richfield leaped 4 1/8 to
108 3/8, Exxon was up 1 at 60 1/4, Mobil gained 1 1/2 to 66
7/8, and Royal Dutch/Shell Group advanced 1 1/4 to 82 5/8.
   USX-Marathon added 1/2 to 22 3/8. The oil exploration
company said after the market closed that it had priced an
issue of 22 million common shares at $22.375 each through
underwriters led by Lehman Brothers. The issue was increased
from an originally planned 20 million shares.
   Strength in stocks sensitive to the economic cycle
indicated investor optimism about a turnaround. Shares of
heavy construction companies headed up, especially after
Alex. Brown analyst Hugh F. Holman recommended buying the
sector's bellwether, Fluor. Mr. Holman said Fluor will profit
from future demand in the power-generation and environmental
restoration fields; the stock added 2 to 45 1/2. Kasler
gained 1/4 to 11 1/2, Foster Wheeler inched up 1/2 to 29 1/8,
and Morrison Knudsen rose 1/2 to 52 1/2.
   Likewise, shares of home construction companies rose:
Clayton Homes gained 1 to 18; Ryland Group added 1/4 to 24
1/4; Kaufman  Broad Homes inched up 1/8 to 18 3/8; and PHM
rose 1/4 to 24 1/2.
   Auto stocks attracted investors betting that an economic
revival would boost car sales -- even as the companies
reported generally lower sales for the first 10 days of
January. General Motors advanced 1 to 32, and Chrysler was up
5/8 at 13 3/4. Ford Motor, which reported a slight sales
gain, rose 5/8 to 31 1/2. Analysts said the latest auto sales
data were less gloomy than in previous months, suggesting
that a rebound may lie ahead.
   Major banks were up for a second consecutive session.
Analysts say investors now consider bank stocks to have some
economic sensitivity because of their exposure to such
cyclical assets as real estate. Meanwhile, bargain-hunters
are interested because the stocks have lagged behind the
broader market. Citicorp advanced 1 to 13, Chemical Banking
added 1 3/8 to 28 3/8, and J.P. Morgan rose 1 1/4 to 67.
   Among active stocks, Dow Chemical fell 1 7/8 to 52, and
Corning ended unchanged at 68 3/8 on volume of 3.4 million
shares -- 14 times Corning's average daily trading.
   The two companies said their Dow Corning joint venture
would take a $25 million fourth-quarter charge and close two
production lines that make silicone breast implants. Corning
stock plunged 10 5/8 Monday amid worries about the health
risks associated with breast implants; Corning yesterday
called the stock drop a "gross overreaction."
   Ames Department Stores fell nearly 50%, slumping 3/8 to
1/2 on volume of 4.6 million shares. The company on Monday
proposed to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law proceedings
by giving cash and new securities to its banks and
bondholders while canceling its existing stock and leaving
shareholders with nothing. Ames shareholders are likely to
seek at least a token payout, but it's unclear whether they
can prevail.
   Wal-Mart, the U.S.'s largest retailer, continued to find
favor with investors; its shares climbed 1 1/8 to 59. Sears
Roebuck, which has steadily lost ground to Wal-Mart and other
rivals, saw its stock drop 1/2 to 39.
   Chase Manhattan rose 1/4 to 20 3/8. The bank confirmed
reports that it wants to buy the core assets of CrossLand
Savings, a troubled New York savings bank.
   Stocks of companies with large debt loads continued to
climb, benefiting from the drop in U.S. interest rates in the
past month. Time Warner was up 2 7/8 to 94 3/8. Duracell
International rose 7/8 to 35 3/8; the commercial paper rating
of its Duracell Inc. unit was upgraded by Moody's.
   American Express rose 1 1/4 to 23 1/8 on volume of 3.4
million shares. The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday
that the financial services giant is thinking of selling 50%
of its Lehman Brothers investment banking unit to the public
and Lehman executives for more than $1 billion.
   International Paper gained 5/8 to 69 5/8. The company said
fourth-quarter profit tripled from the year earlier, but
figures for both periods were skewed by extraordinary
charges. On an operating basis, International Paper said, its
performance was about in line with previous quarters; it
predicted that "difficult business conditions" will continue
in early 1992.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 4.74
to 412.63. Volume totaled 28,036,000 shares, up from Monday's
19,730,000 shares. There were 393 advancers and 230
decliners.