Economy:
   Factory Orders
   Rose in January,
   Led by Durables
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Orders for big-ticket factory items climbed 2.2% in
January, offsetting a 1.4% drop in nondurable goods. It was
the second decline in a row for nondurables, which fell 2.3%
in December.
   Excluding defense orders, bookings for durable goods
climbed 4.1% in January. "In essence what is going on is that
the downsizing of the military is dragging the economy down,"
said Gordon Johnson, economist for the National Association
of Manufacturers. "In absence of that effect the new orders
would have looked more robust."
   The January rise in orders for durable goods -- products
intended to last three years or more -- was estimated at 1.5%
in a preliminary report last month. The latest revision
indicates an even sharper turnaround from the 5% plunge in
December. Much of the increase was accounted for by
industrial machinery and equipment, led by engines and
computers.
   "We're starting to see some first signs of recovery that
will gather steam in the second quarter," said Alan Levenson,
financial economist for the WEFA Group in suburban
Philadelphia.
   Shipments of manufactured goods edged up 0.1% in January.
Inventories declined 0.3%, and unfilled orders fell 0.2%. It
was the fifth drop in a row for unfilled orders.
   All the figures are seasonally adjusted.
   ---
                      FACTORY ORDERS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's latest figures for
manufacturers in billions of dollars, seasonally adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                                 Jan.      Dec.
                                 1992      1991     %Chg.
                                                                                                       

 All industries                 235.01    234.10   + 0.4
   Durable goods                120.34    117.78   + 2.2
   Nondurable goods             114.67    116.32   - 1.4
                                                                                                       

   Capital goods industries
   Nondefense                    31.75     28.91   + 9.8
   Defense                        7.83      9.76   -19.7
                                                                                                       

   Total shipments              236.18    236.00   + 0.1
                                                                                                       

   Inventories                  374.40    375.70   - 0.3
                                                                                                       

   Backlog of orders            510.18    511.35   - 0.2