World Stock Markets:
   London's Bourse
   Quakes at Prospect
   Of Labor Victory
   ----
   By Craig Forman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Pessimists said British equities have further to fall amid
the political uncertainty, with 2400 on the 100-stock index
the likely next downside barrier. Trading will remain
volatile over the four-week election campaign; investors will
base their decisions more on the opinion polls than on
earnings reports or economic statistics.
   London stock prices have been undermined by polls showing
Labor steadily gaining support. Also, the Conservative budget
launched Tuesday offered less-than-expected help to the
Tories. It would double the budget deficit while promising
small tax cuts that might not be enough to sway undecided
voters to back the Tories. Indeed, the Conservatives might
have done more for stocks by borrowing more to cut taxes
further, thereby increasing their re-election prospects.
   A poll in Wednesday's Guardian newspaper showed Labor with
42% support and the Tories with 39%, probably a margin wide
enough to give Labor a narrow victory in the balloting. Such
a result would end 13 years of Tory rule and mark a dive into
the unknown: a Britain governed by the new-look Labor Party.
   The stock market won't know what to expect from Labor
until its platform is launched next week. But official hints
are that it stands for higher taxes on the rich, increased
public spending on health and social services, and
introduction of a minimum wage. It isn't clear, though,
precisely how much more spending and taxation Labor wants.
"The markets will be watching like a hawk," said Paul Walton,
strategist at the London stockbrokerage firm James Capel 
Co.
   The political scene here is even more confusing, however.
Some polls show neither party achieving a decisive, absolute
parliamentary majority, thereby producing a so-called hung
Parliament. That could be a recipe for political paralysis as
the politicians horse-trade policies to build a governing
coalition. Some political analysts said the Tories will
narrowly hold on to power, but the market doesn't seem to
believe them.
   Given the uncertainty, investors understandably have the
shakes. With Britain in its longest recession since World War
II, the stock market was up less than 2% this year before
this week's sell-off. Now, disappointed investors are heading
to the sidelines. "Nobody is placing big bets on the market
right now," said Ernie McKnight, associate director at
Glasgow's Scottish Amicable Investment Managers, which
manages #8 billion ($13.82 billion) in investments.
   Ironically, the choice investors in Britain face is
relatively straightfoward: Bulls believe the Tories will win;
bears expect a Labor victory. But "it's a lonely guy" who
firmly belongs to either camp, said Mr. Walton of James
Capel.
   Mr. Walton sees the London market plunging as low as 2200
on the FT 100 if polls continue to show rising Labor support.
Investors fear higher Labor spending and taxation. The
argument is that Labor would raise corporate taxes, boost
inflation and thus postpone recoveries in both Britain's
economy and corporate profits.
   But Mr. Walton said that for the stout of heart, the
London market could merit a second look if it weakens
further. At the moment, British shares are inexpensive,
compared with those in the U.S., with stocks on a prospective
earnings multiple of 13, compared with the range of 18 in the
U.S., Mr. Walton said. Labor announcements could reassure the
market that the party is less of a risk to the economy than
some investors fear.
   "The British market would be a very attractive buying
opportunity, if you believe Labor isn't going to be to the
detriment of the economy," Mr. Walton said. "That is our
view."
   Indeed, his firm isn't taking any chances. Though in the
past, James Capel, like most securities houses, has endorsed
the Tory handling of the economy and record privatizations,
the firm's recent study of Labor's economic plans was printed
with a bright red cover, the symbolic color of Labor. "We're
not taking any chances," Mr. Walton said.
   Tokyo stock prices closed narrowly lower Thursday, despite
a strong rebound from the day's lows that was led by buying
of blue chips. Investors continued to sell shares of
securities companies, rocked by yet another scandal involving
questionable trading practices that could result in heavy
losses for the brokerage firms.
   The Nikkei 225-stock index, which lost 262.45 points
Wednesday, fell 30.26 to 20561.88, after rebounding from the
intraday low of 20331.60.
   On Friday, the Nikkei index fell 215.45 points to close
the morning session at 20346.43.
   Thursday's first-section volume was estimated at 280
million shares, little changed from Wednesday's 269.6 million
shares. Losers outnumbered gainers, 557-401, and 161 issues
were unchanged.
   The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all first
section issues, which fell 16.31 points Wednesday, dropped
6.27 to 1472.21.
   Trading lacked direction, with the Nikkei fluctuating
mostly on speculative, index-linked activity owing to the
expiration of March options on Thursday.
   In Frankfurt, share prices declined broadly, as investors
kept a low profile in the absence of any positive news. The
DAX 30-stock index fell 15.92 points to 1727.50. The market
also was undermined by lower prices on Wall Street and in
Tokyo, and by London's sinking performance. Prices of
underlying shares on the German bourse were damped by
activity on the options and futures exchange, as well as
price declines in the German bond market, where a couple of
institutions apparently dumped bonds on unconfirmed rumors
that Bonn might try to tax Germans on their undeclared
investment income on holdings abroad, especially in
Luxembourg.
   Hong Kong stocks continued to rally, as early
profit-taking was overwhelmed by follow-through buying on the
market's 3.3% surge over the previous two sessions; banks and
property issues logged the day's best gains.
   Among corporate developments, in London, RTZ climbed 17
pence, or 3.2%, to 556 pence ($9.60). The mining and minerals
company's 1991 pretax profit dropped 36% to #562 million
($970.6 million) from a year earlier, but RTZ left its
dividend unchanged at 19.5 pence a share, and cited
encouraging prospects for this year.
   United Biscuits Holdings added 1 to 413. The food
concern's 1991 pretax profit rose 8.3% to #211.3 million, on
strength in core biscuit operations in the U.S. and Britain.
Legal  General Group ended unchanged at 367. The life and
general insurer's 1991 pretax profit plunged 84% to #11.3
million, as mortgage-indemnity and house-subsidence claims
eclipsed gains from life and pension businesses. The results
would have been worse but for an #81.5 million exceptional
gain from the sale of two subsidiaries. The performance was
in the middle of the range of previous forecasts, and as
expected, the company lifted its full-year dividend 5% to
18.8 pence a share.
   Enterprise Oil eased 2 to 367. The energy exploration and
production company's 1991 profit fell 29% to #110.5 million,
under pressure from lower oil prices, rising production costs
and a decline in net interest income. The dividend was
increased 5% to 15.75 pence a share.
   In Frankfurt, Henkel fell 8 marks, or 1.3%, to 612 marks
($368.42). The specialty chemicals group's 1991 net income
edged up 3.3% to 443 million marks ($266.7 million), on a
7.4% rise in sales.
   In Paris, Chargeurs gave up 34 French francs, or 2.8%, to
1,196 francs ($212.07). The textile, communications and
transport company's 1991 profit, after payments to minority
interests, fell 30% to 366 million francs ($64.9 million).
But excluding special items, Chargeurs had profit of 246
million francs, compared with a 1990 loss of 212 million
francs.
   In Stockholm, where the market fell broadly, Procordia
gave up 4 kronor, or 1.9%, to 203 kronor ($33.72). In a
preliminary report that was in line with market expectations,
the food and pharmaceutical group said its 1991 pretax
profit, after financial items, more than doubled to 4.2
billion kronor ($697.6 million) from 2.08 billion kronor a
year earlier. The dividend was raised 11% to 3.15 kronor a
share. Procordia shares' decline was attributed to
disappointment about the lack of news on progress in talks
between Volvo and the Swedish state about the Volvo-Procordia
merger proposal, and to profit-taking after Procordia shares'
recent rise.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % This
                                    Mar 11   Mar 10   Year
                                                                                                       

 U.S. ............................  378.6    381.2  -  3.0
 Britain .........................  753.2    769.3  +  2.2
 Canada ..........................  394.3    398.5  -  0.4
 Japan ...........................  847.1    859.3  - 14.4
 France ..........................  556.0    562.1  + 11.1
 Germany .........................  269.3    270.7  + 10.7
 Hong Kong ....................... 3673.7   3610.2  + 18.7

 Australia .......................  344.5    343.4  -  1.9
 World index .....................  494.8    500.4  -  7.6