Enterprise:
   Bush Requests
   Funds to Boost
   SBA Guarantees
   ----
   By Jeanne Saddler
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mrs. Saiki announced the president's request at a hearing
of the House Small Business Committee, where the
administration was accused of using the SBA loan program to
further the president's re-election campaign.
   "The administration wants to score political points with
programs like the one initiated in New Hampshire, while
letting Congress come up with the money," said Rep. Ron
Wyden, (D., Ore.).
   Mrs. Saiki contended that she started the new loan program
in New Hampshire because that state was hardest hit by
economic problems. Under the program, the SBA offers
guaranteed loans to qualified companies whose loans were held
by failed banks. The program was extended to Massachusetts
last week, and will be available throughout New England by
April.
   Committee Chairman John LaFalce challenged the
administrator's claim that New Hampshire is the state hardest
hit by the recession, noting that its unemployment rate is
only 7%, compared with 9.8% for West Virginia. The New York
Democrat called the hearing to discuss his bill to give the
SBA another $1 billion of loan-guarantee authority for this
fiscal year, as well as $1 billion in extra authority for
both fiscal 1993 and 1994.
   The Bush administration won't seek to increase the
agency's lending budget in those years, Mrs. Saiki said. She
acknowledged, however, that loans for New England could
account for more than half of the increased loan authority
the administration is seeking.
   Under the SBA loan-guarantee program, the government
stands behind 75% to 90% of the amount banks lend to small
businesses. Companies can borrow as much as $750,000.
   Without additional lending authority, the SBA program
could run out of money by midsummer, officials said. Congress
would have to set aside $50 million to provide about $1
billion in new guarantee authority.