International:
   Italy's Pirelli Controls
   Stake of Up to 39%
   Of Rival Continental
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Pirelli acquired the options for between 130 billion lire
and 140 billion lire ($108.8 million and $117.2 million) in
order to possibly recoup all or part of the heavy losses it
suffered from the failed attempt to take over Continental.
People close to the company argued the additional outlays to
acquire the option must be seen as an investment rather than
an industrial strategy because Pirelli currently has no plans
to relaunch its merger proposal.
   Following 14 months of a bitter takeover battle with
Continental, Pirelli was finally forced to throw in the towel
at the expense of heavy losses at the end of November.
   Pirelli estimated 1991's consolidated loss at 690 billion
lire, slightly up from the 670 billion lire loss it had
predicted in November. Losses stemming directly from the
Continental situation totaled 340 billion lire.
   Part of this comes from indemnity payments, as Pirelli
promised to repay its allies any losses or costs in the event
the merger wasn't completed by the end of November. Pirelli
for the first time disclosed the names of the allies that
will receive the indemnity payments. These include
Mediobanca, Italmobiliare S.p.A., the holding of the Pesenti
family, the Italian steel group Falck S.p.A., Italy's Rocca
family and the German merchant bank Sal Oppenheim Jr.  Cie.