First Capital Creditors
   Challenge Shearson
   On Settlement Plan
The committee is asking the court for permission to
propose a competing reorganization plan. A spokesman for
Shearson said the plan it has proposed "provides the greatest
value to all of {First Capital's} policyholders." Officials
of Citicorp's Citibank unit couldn't be reached.
   The current reorganization plans call for a syndicate of
bankers, owed about $260 million and led by Citibank, to
receive all of the shares outstanding of First Capital's two
life insurance units: First Capital Life, based in San Diego,
and Fidelity Bankers Life Insurance Co., Richmond, Va., which
is operating under the control of Virginia regulators. The
plan would leave no distribution for holders of First Capital
Holdings' 13% senior subordinated debentures and other
creditors.
   Separately, Shearson Lehman has agreed to lend $50 million
to First Capital Life and to guarantee the value of
policyholder accounts at the insurance company, which since
last May has operated under the control of California
regulators in conservatorship proceedings. In return,
Shearson would have the right to acquire First Capital Life
at about 40% of "fair market value."
   A spokesman for the California Insurance Department noted
that regulators have called for a full auction process for
First Capital Life and that competing bids are welcome.
   Shearson Lehman, with a 28% stake, is First Capital
Holdings' largest shareholder. The creditor committee argued
that the proposed restructuring plans would grant an unfair
advantage to the brokerage firm, which is a unit of American
Express Co.