Abreast of the Market:
   Stocks Decline as Many Investors
   Sell Shares in Airline, Auto Firms
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Volume at the exchange sank to 156,620,000 shares from
246,710,000 shares Friday. The brisk trading Friday was
partly boosted by the simultaneous expiration of stock-index
futures and options, and options on individual stocks, known
as "triple witching."
   The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 16.63 to
1417.04. AMR, parent of American Airlines, lost 7/8 to 78.
UAL, parent of United Airlines, fell 2 3/8 to 148 5/8 despite
the Transportation Department's tentative approval of a plan
to sell UAL a Pan Am route from Washington to Italy. Among
autos: General Motors dropped 1/2 to 38 5/8; Chrysler slipped
1/8 to 17 7/8; and Ford fell 1/4 to 40.
   Chemical companies were prominent among "deep-cyclical"
gainers. Great Lakes Chemical added 2 5/8 to 59 3/4; the
company announced it completed the purchase of Shell U.K.
Ltd.'s fuel detergents plant for about $8.5 million. Dow
Chemical gained 1 3/4 to 61 7/8, and Olin jumped 1 to 51. Du
Pont, which yesterday was labeled "very attractive" by
Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette analyst William R. Young, gained
3/4 to 46 7/8.
   Oil producers' stocks also attracted interest. Mobil
gained 1 1/4 to 59 3/4; Exxon jumped 1/2 to 55 1/4; and
Unocal added 1/4 to 21 1/2.
   Shares of banks remained a focus of widespread concern
yesterday after an announcement that real-estate giant
Olympia  York is seeking to restructure nearly $20 billion
of its debt, much of which is owed to banks. Citicorp lost
1/2 to 17 1/8; Chemical Bank dropped 5/8 to 34 3/4. J.P.
Morgan, which previously disclosed that its Olympia  York
"credit exposure" is less than $50 million, fell 1 to 58.
   Sears slipped 3/4 to 46 1/2. Robert A.G. Monks, a
shareholder-rights activist who last year lost a bid to join
the Sears board, said he had withdrawn from this year's
election for a board seat. Mr. Monks said winning had become
"mathematically inachievable" for him because Sears didn't
propose "any new candidate for a vacant seat," in effect
shrinking the board's size.
   Shares of Stifel Financial lost 2 3/8 to 7 5/8 after the
company announced in a joint statement with Raymond James
Financial that the two Southern brokerage companies had ended
their merger discussions. Raymond James gained 1/2 to 28 5/8.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 0.67
point to 401.36. Amex volume totaled 13,072,000 shares,
compared with 16,924,000 Friday. There were 251 issues
advancing, 311 declining and 257 unchanged.