Gulf States Utilities
   Says Ruling Helps
   To Avoid Write-Offs
The state Supreme Court came up with the deregulated asset
plan to alleviate some of the financial woes Gulf States
encountered after the commission refused to let the utility
pass $1.4 billion in River Bend costs on to ratepayers. Gulf
States, which owns about 70% of the $4.5 billion plant, had
appealed the commission's decision to the state Supreme
Court, which upheld the ruling.
   "We are delighted at the {new} ruling," the spokesman
said. The commission's consultants had suggested a revenue
split of 80% to ratepayers and 20% for shareholders. As it
stands, Gulf States will charge $7 million to 1991
fourth-quarter earnings and there will be no plant writeoffs,
according to the spokesman.
   In late New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, Gulf
States was quoted at $11.875, up 50 cents.
   Gulf States still faces potentially large River
Bend-related write-offs from a decision pending in a Texas
appeals court. The Texas Public Utilities Commission has
essentially said Gulf States will not be allowed to recover
$414 million of its investment. The utility has appealed that
call and is waiting to see whether the Texas Third Court of
Appeals sends the case back to the commission for
reconsideration.