What's News --
   Business and Finance
The FDIC rejected a proposed $1.3 billion settlement of
lawsuits filed by the agency and others against Milken and
other former Drexel employees. The FDIC, which would have
gotten $500 million of the total, asked for more data on
Milken's finances.
   ---
   R.H. Macy is closing 57 specialty stores, including five
of its I. Magnin outlets, initiating what is expected to be a
series of cost-cutting moves.
   ---
   Major retailers posted better-than-expected sales gains
for February, sparking some optimism but no firm statements
that consumer spending is back on track. Sales at Gap,
however, rose less than usual. Its stock price sank $2.375 to
$46.
   ---
   Some big Chrysler shareholders are urging the company's
board to name Robert Lutz, the auto maker's president, to be
its next chairman. He would eventually succeed Iacocca. The
holders want to put an end to speculation about the
succession.
   ---
   Stock and bond prices slid while the dollar continued its
rally. The Dow Jones industrials fell 27.06 to 3241.50.
Treasury bonds lost 5/8 point.
   ---
   Bentsen rebuffed for now efforts to stem billions of
dollars of tax breaks granted to acquirers of failed thrifts.
   ---
   OPEC members began to reduce their oil production after
agreeing last month to do so. But their output remains about
one million barrels a day above the group's new ceiling.
   ---
   Bioplasty withdrew its silicone gel breast implants from
the market after the FDA questioned the company's safety
research efforts.
   ---
   Boehringer Ingelheim halted development of a promising
drug for heart failure, saying regulators were likely to
require a costly trial.
   ---
   The SEC approved an American Stock Exchange plan to launch
a market for start-up companies that don't meet the regular
standards for listing shares on the exchange. But some
regulators are concerned that certain investors may be
misled.
   ---
   Immune Response delayed testing an AIDS vaccine, citing
concern about liability from injecting healthy people with a
killed AIDS virus.
   ---
   Japanese manufacturers expect their earnings to decline in
the fiscal years ending in March 1993 and March 1994,
according to a survey.
   ---
   Salomon predicted that an exodus of dozens of its senior
executives will continue until a government probe of its
Treasury auction scandal ends. The firm conceded that the
defections, largely in its stock and investment bank units,
have hurt business.
   ---
   Brazil's airlines asked their government for $2.2 billion
in low-cost loans to help them cope with greater competition
and a deep recession. A denial of such aid could precipitate
an industry shakeout, analysts say.
   ---
   American Home Products plans to beef up its research and
development of prescription drugs, de-emphasizing its
consumer products business, in a bid to achieve faster
growth. Meanwhile, the company agreed to market a Lilly
anti-ulcer drug.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 205,730,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3241.50, off 27.06; transportation 1437.97, off 17.75;
utilities 203.37, off 0.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4167.80, off 24.77.
   Commodities: Oil $18.55 a barrel, off eight cents. Dow
Jones futures index 122.39, off 0.41; spot index 117.99, up
0.13.
   Dollar: 131.90 yen, up 0.22; 1.6720 marks, up 0.0040.