Redemption Notices
CHICAGO METROPOLITAN HOUSING DEVELOPMENT CORP. will
redeem, on March 20, 1992, the following MBIA-insured
mortgage revenue bonds, series 1982G: 11 1/2% due July 1,
1992; and 10 1/4% due Jan. 1, 1993-1995 and July 1,
1993-1995. Bank One Ohio Trust Co., Columbus, is trustee.
   DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF COMMUNITY AFFAIRS AND ECONOMIC
DEVELOPMENT will redeem, on April 1, 1992, its industrial
development revenue bonds, series A, due April 1, 1995; and
its pollution control revenue bonds, series A, due April 1,
2000. Ameritrust, Dallas, is trustee.
   DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY will redeem,
on March 19, 1992, the following multi-unit housing program
bonds, 1982 series A, due Sept. 1 of the indicated years:
11.25% due 1992; 11.5% due 1993; 11.75% due 1994; 11.9% due
1995; 12% due 1996; 12.375% due 2003; 7% due 2011; and 0% due
2022. The Riggs National Bank of Washington, D.C. is trustee.
   HATFIELD TOWNSHIP, PA., INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
will redeem, on March 1, 1992, $110,000 principal amount of
its 8.5% first mortgage gross revenue bonds, series 1979, due
March 1, 2006. Harleysville National Bank is trustee.
   MISSOURI HOUSING DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION will redeem, on
March 15, 1992, $1,799,897.66 principal amount of its
qualified mortgage purchase notes, FHA insured or VA
guaranteed mortgage loans, due Sept. 15, 2002. Mercantile
Bank of St. Louis is trustee.
   TUSTIN, CALIF., will redeem, on April 1, 1992, its 1973
civic center bonds, maturing on April 1, 1993-1998,
inclusive.
                                                                                                       

                        CORPORATES
                                                                                                       

   NATURAL GAS PIPELINE CO. OF AMERICA will redeem, on March
31, 1992, its 7.1%, 7.9% and 8.12% cumulative preferred
stock. Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Chicago, is redemption
agent.
   SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON CO. will redeem, on Feb 26,
1992, the following first and refunding mortgage bonds: 7
7/8% series Z, due 1995; and 8 1/8% series Y, due 1994.
Harris Trust and Savings Bank is trustee.
   UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP. will redeem, on March 10, 1992,
all its outstanding common stock purchase rights. First
Chicago Trust Co. of New York is redemption agent.