Dividend News:
   GW Utilities to Make
   $170.1 Million Payout
   Tied to Sale by Unit
GW Utilities will make the payment with funds received
from Interprovincial, which plans to pay its holders a
special dividend of C$7 a share Jan. 31. The dividend is part
of the proceeds of the sale of an 80% stake in its U.S. crude
oil pipeline to the public as limited partnerships.
   The GW Utilities dividend should net the Reichmann family
about C$175 million. The Reichmanns control 89.3% of the
holding company through their closely held Olympia  York
Developments Ltd.
   As a result of the dividend and the restructuring of
Interprovincial, Olympia  York has reduced the amount it
proposes to pay to acquire the 10.7% of GW Utilities that it
doesn't already own to C$13.90 a share from C$18.
   The buy-out plan has been on hold for nearly a year, since
GW Utilities announced its intention of selling its 63.5%
interest in Interprovincial and its 40.7% holding in Home Oil
Co., a Calgary, Alberta, oil and gas concern. GW Utilities
said that discussions with respect to Interprovincial are
"active and progressing," and that it is also holding talks
with parties interested in acquiring the Home Oil stake. But
the holding company noted that it couldn't guarantee the sale
of either asset.
   GW Utilities said the buy-out is on hold until it has a
clearer idea of the values that might be realized for the
assets. In the last year, GW has sold its 9% interest in
Allied-Lyons PLC and its 82% stake in Consumers Gas Ltd. The
sales have raised money for the Reichmann's real estate
ventures, including the Canary Wharf real estate project in
London.
   In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday, GW
shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $15.125.