Northview Corp. Sues
   Ivan Boesky, Others
   For Alleged `Looting'
About a year later, Northview, a hotel and motel company
based in San Diego, entered into an agreement with Calmark
Holding Corp., a real estate concern, that included a
self-tender offer of $22 per share -- double the stock's
market price at the time -- and the issuance of new shares to
Calmark in exchange for a Calmark subsidiary with
questionable real estate assets.
   The result, according to the suit, was the payment of
approximately $61 million to the Northview's shareholders. At
the time, Mr. Boesky's brother-in-law, Burton Slatkin, owned
about 24% of the company's common stock and was a director of
the company, the suit said. A voting trust for both the
Boesky and Slatkin families owned another 30%. The
transactions allegedly rendered the company insolvent, the
suit says.
   "The lawsuit seeks to recover $100 million in cash and
assets that were looted by the Boesky and Slatkin principals
in conspiracy with the Calmark principals," said James
Mercer, an attorney for Northview. He added that no attorney
has been named to represent the defendants, which include
certain Northview and Calmark officials, among others.
   Despite the alleged unfairness of the deal, PaineWebber
Corp. issued an opinion overvaluing the Calmark subsidiary's
assets so that the deal could go forward, the suit said.
   Calmark officials couldn't be reached for comment.