Japanese Banks
   To Aid in Rescue
   Of Daiichi Corp.
   ----
   By Masayoshi Kanabayashi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Daiichi Corp. has total loans outstanding of about 600
billion yen ($4.47 billion) to about 70 lending institutions,
a Daiichi Corp. spokesman said.
   The Daiichi Corp. spokesman said the company's four main
banks will cut loan interest rates to 3% across the board
from about 6% at present for three years beginning this month
and also defer payment of principal for three years until the
end of March 1995. He wouldn't specify the amount the company
owes to each bank.
   The spokesman said the company has asked other financial
institutions to cut interest rates on loans, but the firm
hasn't received replies yet. Daiichi Corp. plans to sell 40
billion yen in real estate and 40 billion yen in securities
in the three years to reduce its loans outstanding to 520
billion yen, the spokesman said.
   Daiichi Corp.'s affiliate, Daiichi Real Estate Co., also
won consent from Mitsui Trust, Nippon Credit and Chuo Trust
to defer payments of both principal and interest for two
years beginning next month, a Daiichi Real Estate spokesman
said. Daiichi Real Estate's total loans outstanding amount to
370 billion yen, including those from other financial
institutions.
   The Daiichi Real Estate spokesman said the company plans
to reduce its loans outstanding to about 200 billion yen by
liquidating its assets, including 65 billion yen of
securities and 75 billion yen of real estate. Besides the
three main banks, more than 40 financial institutions have
extended loans to the real estate firm.
   Daiichi Corp. is projected to post a loss of 16.5 billion
yen in the year ending March 31 on sales of 88 billion yen,
the spokesman said. The company posted net profit of 3.1
billion yen in the preceding fiscal year on sales of 93.8
billion yen.