Letters to the Editor:
   The Warp and Woof
   Of Textile Protection
Mr. Fund also writes that "existing import restrictions on
textiles cost an average American family of four over $425 a
year." If this were true, textile restrictions would be
costing consumers more than $27 billion a year. The total
value of textiles imported and produced in America in 1991
was about $71 billion. Not even the most ideological
free-trader argues that textile-import restrictions have
increased costs to consumers by almost 40%.
   Mr. Fund's essay is simply a political pistol-whipping for
those who dare to question whether unilateral open markets
are now in America's best interests.
   Pat Choate
   Washington
   ---
   It might be possible to see Mr. Fund's attack on Pat
Buchanan as something other than a neocon contract hit if The
Wall Street Journal itself had ever endorsed true free trade
-- not as Bushnevite managed trade, but as trade unhampered
by any intervention, including Overseas Private Investment
Corporation, Ex-Im Bank, Commodity Credit Corp., IMF, World
Bank and foreign aid, as well as quotas and tariffs.
   Even on quotas and tariffs, the Journal has never called
for their abolition, but rather their restriction to
executive fiat rather than legislative action.
   Trade harnessed to the creation of an all-powerful
executive is many things, but it is hardly free.
   Mr. Buchanan, on the other hand, would dismantle the
welfare state, cut taxes and deregulate the economy. He would
institute a peaceful, America First foreign policy as against
the pro-war globalism of the Rockefeller Republican in the
White House.
   Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr.
   Auburn, Ala.