Sprint Seeks Approval
   To Expand Its Service
   In United Kingdom
"This is the first attempt by a company that is not part
of the existing duopoly (British Telecommunications PLC and
Mercury Communications) to develop such a network in the
U.K.," said Mr. Guidi. However, he said, rather than
challenge British Telecom and Mercury, a unit of Cable &
Wireless PLC, "across the board, we want to build a state of
the art network for large corporate users. Even British
Telecom and Mercury could take advantage of it for underlying
transmission capacity to provide some services."
   Sprint, which currently provides data communications
services, electronic messaging and specialty facsimile
transmission in the U.K., will expand its offerings via the
new network, Mr. Guidi said. "We want to provide basic
point-to-point private line services to corporations and
network management services as well."
   The impetus for such efforts, he said, was a March 1991
White Paper in which the British government called on outside
telecommunications service providers to enter the market. At
about that time Sprint began negotiating rights of way with
British Waterways, the national operator of the U.K.'s
extensive canal system.
   Now "Waterways will be a partner in the project," said Mr.
Guidi. "And we'll invite other participants to invest in it."
He declined to disclose the size of Waterways' share of the
investment or identify other potential partners that are in
negotiations with Sprint.