Sumitomo Files Claim
   In Los Angeles for Job
   That Was Canceled
The Tokyo concern said it is due the costs of all direct
and subcontracted work up to the termination date. And the
company hinted that it might seek broader damages, including
prospective lost profits. The letter, dated Jan. 30, was made
available by the Los Angeles agency yesterday.
   Sumitomo hasn't yet indicated how avidly it will pursue
its claim. A company spokesman in Tokyo said Sumitomo hasn't
decided yet whether it will actually press for damages or
take other concrete steps. The letter, however, asserts the
claim unconditionally.
   Neil Peterson, executive director of the Los Angeles
County Transportation Commission, said "when we canceled the
contract, it was clear that they would claim their expenses;
we have to sit down and negotiate that figure." Mr. Peterson
added that the commission was well aware that the Japanese
concern may sue for other damages.
   As reported, Sumitomo was awarded the contract in
December, only to see it terminated on Jan. 23 under heavy
pressure from unions and local business groups in Los
Angeles. The county transportation commission has since been
considering terms that are likely to favor construction in
the U.S. Morrison Knudsen Co., a losing bidder in the last
round, is considered a front-runner.
   According to Sumitomo's spokesman, the president of
Sumitomo Corp., Tomiichi Akiyama, told reporters in Tokyo
that the company won't bid for the contract again if the Los
Angeles agency invites bids under the same conditions as
before.