Economy:
   Consumer Level
   Of Confidence
   Resumes Slide
   ---
   Conference Board's Measure
   Hits 50.4, Lowest Level
   Since 50.1 in May 1980
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
While confidence in current conditions slipped a bit, the
measure of consumer expectations for six months from now --
which usually tend to be more optimistic -- declined even
more after a slight increase a month ago.
   Fabian Linden, executive director of the board's
consumer-research center, noted that expectations are
generally "a better broad economic indicator" than current
sentiment. Based on the latest reading, he said, "we're a
little bit concerned." He added: "We had a big drop {in
expectations} in October {to 79.5} and November {69.7} and
were pleased to see that the index leveled off in December
{to 72.6}. Now we see a little drop again {to 69.2},"
accounting for most of the general decline in the overall
index, which uses 1985 as its base of 100. The expectations
index had fallen to 55.3 in January 1991, during the Middle
East crisis.
   "People are very concerned about jobs; that's where it's
all at. As soon as they see some improvement in the job
environment, people will get more hopeful about the future,"
Mr. Linden said.
   While he cautioned that the economic situation and the
population mixes are different from a decade ago, Mr. Linden
said the current low "indicates the severity of the problem."
   Consumer confidence is particularly low among middle-aged
and older groups; for instance, while the January confidence
reading was 50.4, it was 61.5 for those under 35 years old,
47.7 for those aged 35 to 54, and 44 for those 55 and older.
   The monthly survey, covering a sample of 5,000 U.S.
households, is conducted for the research group by National
Family Opinion Inc., Toledo, Ohio.
   As the recession continues, the report said, "an
increasingly large number of households are experiencing
hardship." It continued: "Close to one out of four reports
that someone in the household experienced an episode of
unemployment over the past 12 months. The average duration of
joblessness was roughly six months."
   The survey said two out of five jobless people were
without work for less than three months; one out of three for
nine months or more; and 45% of those now back at work in a
new job are earning less money than previously. Two-fifths of
the households said they had deferred making a major purchase
in recent months because of the weak economy.
   Consumer confidence fell into the 50s range a year ago,
soared to 81.1 in March following the end of the Gulf War,
but has generally declined since.
   Asked about current business conditions, only 6.4% of
households called conditions good; 50.9% said bad; and 42.7%
said normal. On employment, 4.9% said jobs are plentiful;
48.2% not so plentiful; and 46.9% said jobs are hard to get.
   For the future, 18.5% expect business conditions to
improve, 19.9% say they will worsen, and 61.6% see conditions
the same. And 13% expect more jobs, 29.1% fewer jobs, and
57.9% the same number of jobs.
   About 6.7% of households expect to buy a car within six
months, up from 5.9% in December. The percentage expecting to
buy a home was unchanged at 3.1%. About 26.1% expect to buy a
major appliance in six months, down from 28.6% in December.