Tuesday's Markets:
   DJIA Gains
   19.68 Points;
   Bonds Climb
   ---
   Fresh Economic Data
   Sparks Market Rise;
   Down Day for Dollar
   ----
   By Douglas R. Sease
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Stocks drew much of their strength from economic reports
that indicated the economy is picking up steam. Housing
starts in February shot up 9.5%, accelerating from January's
5.5% rise. Industrial production last month was up 0.6%,
compared with a 0.8% drop in January, and factories tooled
along at 78.2% of capacity in February, compared with 77.9%
in January. As for inflation, consumer prices in February
rose 0.3% as expected.
   The bond market's rally was more difficult for experts to
explain. While inflation isn't yet a problem, the evidence of
a strengthening economy has been worrying bond investors. But
analysts yesterday said that with long-term bonds yielding
over 8% and inflation apparently benign, bonds are a good
buy. The bond market rally yesterday also lent some strength
to the stock market.
   Hugh Johnson, chief investment officer at First Albany
Corp., said Japanese financial institutions have been selling
U.S. Treasury bonds as the Tokyo stock market's Nikkei index
plunged Monday below the psychologically important 20000
level.
   "The selling has been an ongoing process" as Tokyo stocks
tumbled, he said. "Japanese financial institutions have been
sellers in recent weeks and they've been a big reason that
bond prices fell so far and drove interest rates up."
   The Nikkei index rebounded modestly yesterday, adding
80.47 points to close at 19917.63. But Japanese market
experts said a further decline is likely before a sustainable
recovery begins. So, they say, the Japanese could sell more
of their U.S. bond holdings.
   In major market action:
                                                                                                       

   Stock prices rallied in moderately active trading. Volume
on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 187.2 million shares.
Advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners
1,051 to 651.
                                                                                                       

   Bond prices climbed. The Treasury's benchmark 30-year
issue gained about three-quarters of a point, or $7.50 for
each $1,000 face amount. The yield on the issue fell to
8.00%.
                                                                                                       

   The dollar fell. In late New York trading the currency was
quoted at 1.6455 marks and 132.80 yen compared to 1.6623
marks and 133.84 yen Monday.