She Has Achieved Artistic Success
   By Creating Really Filthy Pictures
   ----
   By Amy Stevens
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Now this truly indigenous art form is getting serious
recognition. The California Bureau of Automotive Repair
commissioned seven pieces for $15,000: Ms. Abeles mounted
various plastic "smog collectors," as she calls them, on
sculptures made of tailpipes and mufflers.
   Individual art lovers, too, are going for the smog
collectors, paying from $300 to $5,700 for each work. She's
asking about $5,000 for a handmade dining table with
car-muffler legs and the image of a complete dinner for two
in murky shades of brown on its plexiglass top.
   "I was just mesmerized, I was just entranced, when I saw
them," raves Greg Escalante, a Long Beach bond trader,
referring to two smaller pieces that he bought. "They totally
appealed to my art senses, and the fact that it had to do
with smog only drove it home."
   An Italian exhibitor has just sent for two of Ms. Abeles's
newest stencils, which depict life-sized human lungs. They're
destined to gather gunk in Milan and in the eternally
polluted city of Rome.
   Not everyone appreciates the aesthetic value of grime. One
morning, a janitor at the Cabrillo Marine Museum in San Pedro
dutifully hosed off a work in progress that had been
temporarily installed in the courtyard. "The next day it just
didn't look right to us," says a spokesman for the museum,
who says the piece has been allowed to darken naturally
again.
   One sculpture destined for the Long Beach Museum of Art
was rejected at the last minute because "the city didn't want
to draw attention to smog in the area," Ms. Abeles says. (A
museum spokeswoman says the piece wasn't accepted "due to a
matter of timing.")
   But a fussy buyer for a Los Angeles gallery recently
turned up her nose at a piece of smog art because it wasn't
dark and sooty enough. Sighs the artist: "I guess I can't
complain. I mean, these people are buying dirt."