It's Possible the Ball May End Up
   In a Very Different Sort of Court
   ----
   By Sarah Lubman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
With big-name sponsors, national television coverage, a
total purse nearing $3 million and player salaries ranging
into six figures, the sport is "an entirely different beast
than it was 15 years ago," says Jon Stevenson, president of
the Culver City, Calif., association. "Everything has changed
but the volleyball."
   "Oh, baloney," slams back Bob Holmes, mayor of the Los
Angeles-area city of Manhattan Beach, a cradle of beach
volleyball. "To charge for admission rips the guts and the
soul out of volleyball." The mayor adds: "That's free sand;
it belongs to all of us." He's among those opposing a city
park-department recommendation to allow paid seating.
Community officials are also drawing a line in the sand in
neighboring Hermosa Beach.
   Still, most other cities on the tour -- including such
unlikely venues as Boulder, Colo.; Austin and Fort Worth,
Texas; Chicago; and, yes, even Cleveland -- have agreed to
allow ticket sales.
   It's not just the money, says Mike Dodd, a top player and
association member. "When people view it as a free type of
beach party, they don't recognize the value of the sport.
People try to camp out the night before and make a party out
of it. It's become kind of unruly," he says.
   While there are occasional fights over positioning -- some
fans set up couches and chaise lounges, and sometimes elevate
chairs on mounds of sand to assure a better view -- Manhattan
Beach police Sgt. Robert Quinlan says, "We haven't had any
problems for the last five years."
   Guy Okazaki, a surfboard maker and longtime resident in
the Venice area of Los Angeles, states the case against
ticket sales: "The whole appeal of volleyball is that it's
wide open and free. It's like trying to charge for surfing.
Can you imagine? There'd be a riot."