Rexene Is Offered
   Two New Proposals
   For Restructuring
The maker of plastic film and petrochemical products said
that Thai Petrochemical increased its offer to acquire the
company to $250 million from the $225 million proposed last
month. Under the offer, Thai Petrochemical would assume some
pre-bankruptcy and post-bankruptcy liabilities, including
$18.5 million in accrued interest and obligations related to
Rexene's operations.
   Thai Petrochemical said one possible breakdown of the
purchase price would call for Rexene's senior note holders to
receive $189.8 million, senior subordinated note holders to
receive $52.5 million and equity holders to receive $7.8
million.
   The company currently has $250 million in senior debt and
$153 million in senior subordinated notes outstanding.
   The Cambridge Capital plan calls for the company's CT Film
division, a maker of plastic film, to become a separate
company and to raise $15 million to $20 million in an initial
public offering. Senior and senior subordinated note holders
would receive a package of notes and stock in each company,
and Rexene's common stockholders would receive stock only in
Rexene. Cambridge Capital would pay a total of $25 million
for preferred stock convertible into a 25% stake in both
Rexene and CT Film.
   Rexene's current plan calls for it to issue new debt and
equity for its $403 million in debt, cutting its total debt
to between $325 million and $355 million.