Credit Markets:
   Bond Prices Fall on Worries Over Jobs Report,
   Uncertainty About Treasury's Refunding Plans
   ----
   By Kevin Donovan and Lynn K. Adler
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The January employment report is due for release Friday.
According to analysts and traders, bond investors are
worrying that the data won't show a weak enough labor market
to prompt the Federal Reserve to reduce interest rates
further.
   Meanwhile, tomorrow the Treasury Department will announce
details of a big refunding auction next week.
   "There is continued nervousness about the employment
report and a refunding announcement that could look like
anything" in size and structure, said Robert Brusca, chief
economist at Nikko Securities Co. International. Analysts
expect the Treasury to sell between $38 billion and $40
billion of three-year, 10-year and 30-year securities.
   The key question, though, is how that will be distributed
among the various maturities and whether any substantial
amount will be transferred to shorter from longer maturities.
   Treasury officials have said they are considering cutting
the size of 30-year bond sales to take advantage of lower
short-term rates. By reducing the supply of longer-dated
Treasurys, such a move might bring down long-term yields.
   But traders say it is difficult to tell whether prices of
long-term bonds will rally on such news or whether the
market's price structure already reflects an expectation of
fewer 30-year bonds.
   Though traders won't get a look at the Treasury refunding
details until tomorrow, they did get the Treasury's estimate
of first-quarter and second-quarter borrowing needs. The
Treasury announced that it expects to borrow $84.7 billion
this quarter, assuming a $20 billion cash balance on March
31.
   Second-quarter borrowing needs were estimated at between
$70 billion and $75 billion, assuming a $30 billion cash
balance on June 30. The borrowing estimates were about $10
billion higher than many analysts had expected. But Treasury
note and bond prices, already down on the day, were little
moved by the news.
   Meanwhile, the economic backdrop remained weak, although
it too failed to capture much market attention. The National
Association of Purchasing Management announced at midmorning
that its index of business activity in January was 47.4%,
unchanged from December.
   Although the result was reassuring to participants who had
heard rumors early in the session that the index would be
above 50%, it failed to generate more than a flickering
rally. An index reading below 50% indicates the manufacturing
sector is contracting, according to the NAPM.
   But enough signs of recovery are percolating to the
surface to convince even some chronic pessimists that the
economy is expanding again. Among them are Edward Hyman and
Nancy Lazar, the widely followed economists who head
International Strategy  Investment Group Inc.
   Writing in their latest report to clients, Mr. Hyman and
Ms. Lazar say: "A recovery appears to have started in
January. Our contacts at department stores report continued
firmer sales in late January. Lumber prices rose to record
levels last week. M2 {money supply} bounced back over the
past two weeks. Machine-tool orders surged in December."
   The economists say they now expect real gross domestic
product will grow at an annualized pace of 2% in the first
quarter and 3% in the second quarter. A week ago the ISI
outlook was for a 1% rate of growth in the first quarter,
which was itself an upward revision from a negative 1%
forecast.
   Upward pressure on interest rates will result, according
to the ISI forecast, though nominal gross domestic product
and inflation will remain low.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices ended sharply lower. The benchmark 30-year bond
ended at a price of 101 31/32 to yield 7.82%, compared with
102 23/32 to yield 7.75% Friday. The latest two-year notes
ended at a price of 99 16/32 to yield 5.13%, compared with 99
18/32 to yield 5.09%.
   Meanwhile, the Treasury sold $20.85 billion of short-term
bills at its weekly auction. The Treasury auctioned $10.43
billion of three-month bills at an average discount rate of
3.86% and sold $10.42 billion of six-month bills at an
average rate of 3.93%. The discount rate on three-month bills
was up slightly from the 3.84% rate set at last week's
auction, while the discount rate on six-month bills was the
same as at last week's auction.
                                                                                                       

   Here are the details of yesterday's auction by the
Treasury of 13-week and 26-week bills:
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it. The
percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the
coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 366-day year.
                                                                                                       

                                  13-Week        26-Week
                                                                                                       

   Applications ........... $36,765,495,000  $35,473,810,000
   Accepted bids .......... $10,431,875,000  $10,417,345,000
   Accepted at low price ..             58%              30%
   Accepted noncompet'ly ..  $1,622,790,000   $1,128,550,000
   Average price (Rate) ...  99.024 (3.86%)   98.013 (3.93%)
   High price (Rate) ......  99.027 (3.85%)   98.023 (3.91%)
   Low price (Rate) .......  99.024 (3.86%)   98.013 (3.93%)
   Coupon equivalent ......           3.96%            4.08%
   CUSIP number ...........       912794YM0        912794ZF4
                                                                                                       

   Both issues are dated Feb. 6. The 13-week bills mature May
7, 1992, and the 26-week bills mature Aug. 6, 1992.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Junk bonds of R.H. Macy  Co. jumped early on a report
that investor Laurence Tisch may make another bid for the
troubled retailer. But the bonds gave up the bulk of those
gains later on doubts that such a bid will come soon, or
perhaps at all.
   Traders said Macy bonds rose as much as 1 1/2 points in
brisk trading on a report in Crain's New York Business, a
local trade publication. Among other things, the story quoted
a bankruptcy lawyer as saying Mr. Tisch might make a cheaper
offer for Macy. Two weeks ago, Mr. Tisch offered to buy Macy
for $1 billion, but the deal was rejected by creditors. Macy
recently filed for protection against creditors under Chapter
11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code.
   The bonds gave up some ground and ended about 1/2 point
higher after analysts on Wall Street concluded that one
source cited in the story didn't have knowledge of Mr.
Tisch's plans and was merely stating an opinion.
   "It was just one lawyer's opinion," said David Feinman, a
junk bond trader at Jefferies  Co. Macy's 14.50% senior
subordinated debentures due in 1998 added 1/2 point to end at
53.
   Bonds of Trans World Airlines, which filed Friday for
protection under Chapter 11, took a dive. The bonds were
reportedly depressed because the Resolution Trust Corp. was
in the market to sell about $15 million redemption amount of
its TWA securities.
   Although a spokeswoman for the RTC declined to confirm the
market talk, dealers said the federal thrift bailout agency
was trying to liquidate a handful of its TWA issues,
including the 15% senior secured notes due in 1994 and the
12% junior subordinated debentures maturing in 2001. The 15%
notes plunged seven points to 57, while the 12% debentures
slid 3 1/2 points to 9 1/2.
   TWA filed a reorganization plan Friday that it said would
eliminate $1 billion of debt from its balance sheet.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Bonds
                                                                                                       

   Yields topping 7% will be needed to attract investors to
New York state's offering of $85 million of general
obligation bonds today, traders and portfolio managers
forecast.
   Meanwhile, existing tax-exempt bonds ended as much as 5/8
point lower, as supply and economic pressures damped investor
enthusiasm for bonds.
   Among seasoned names, New Jersey Turnpike Authority 6.5%
securities of 2016 finished 5/8 point lower at 99 to yield
6.56%.
   Price gains in the tax-exempt market in late 1991 have
kept yields on most investment-grade municipals below 7%
recently. But yields in the 7.00% to 7.10% range for New York
general obligation bonds maturing in 20 years may help allay
some investor concerns about New York's continued fiscal
woes, dealers said. Such yields also will reflect the
depressed tone seen in the market in the past week, they
said.
   Today's sale will mark New York's return to the debt
markets after its sale of $226 million of bonds in November.
Those bonds carried a top yield of 6.80%. The competitive
offering will also be the first since a major credit rating
agency downgraded some of the state's appropriation-backed
debt in January.
   The New York general obligation bonds will carry
maturities ranging from one to 20 years and are rated
single-A-minus by Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Late yesterday, Moody's Investors Service Inc. confirmed
its single-A rating on the bonds, though it also expressed
concern about the state's "chronic financial problems."

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Prices of mortgage securities declined.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. mid-December to
mid-January prepayment data showed another month of heated
mortgage refinancing and a modest pickup in home sales. The
prepayment gains during the period, of 20% to 34%, were only
the start of bigger gains to come, analysts said.
   In secondary dealings, Government National Mortgage
Association 7.5% securities for February delivery were down
3/8 point at 96 28/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold
7.5% securities were down 1/4 at 96 3/32, and Federal
National Mortgage Association 7.5% securities were 1/4 lower
at 95 28/32.
   Traders say continued demand for Freddie Mac and Fannie
Mae mortgage securities in particular is keeping a floor
under their prices. The securities are being purchased for
use in new real estate mortgage investment conduit offerings.
   Remic activity was relatively light at the week's outset.
   One Fannie Mae offering outstanding, backed by Fannie Mae
15-year 7.5% mortgage securities, was doubled in size to $600
million.