Economy:
   U.S. Exports Fell 2.2% in December
   Reflecting Global Economic Slowdown
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Exports were one of the few sources of strength for the
U.S. economy for most of 1991, and the softening at year end
isn't good news. "I guess the bottom line here is that for
1992 we're going to have to have a domestically based
recovery, because we're not going to have any support from
the foreign-trade sector," said Bruce Steinberg, economist
with Merrill Lynch  Co.
   "Most European countries are either in or close to
recession," he added. "Canada remains in recession, and Japan
is slowing down."
   The decline in exports was concentrated in capital goods,
consumer goods and automobiles. Exports of autos nosedived
10.3%. The import figures reflected increases in capital
goods, industrial supplies and consumer goods.
   Despite the deterioration in the trade balance in
December, Acting Commerce Secretary Rockwell Schnabel pointed
enthusiastically to figures indicating the trade deficit for
the full year narrowed to $66.20 billion, the smallest trade
gap since 1983, from $101.72 billion in 1990. Exports in 1991
totaled a record $421.85 billion, while imports, at $488.06
billion, posted their first annual decline since 1982.
   Analysts have warned for months that the trade gap would
widen once consumer demand picks up in the U.S. Trade
deficits typically shrink during recessions because of lower
domestic demand.
   According to the trade report, the U.S. trade surplus with
Western Europe more than quadrupled in 1991 to $16.13 billion
from $4.03 billion in 1990. That shift partly reflected
strong demand in Europe, combined with a decline in the value
of the dollar, which made U.S. exports less expensive. The
U.S. trade deficit with Germany narrowed to $4.91 billion
from $9.40 billion, as the absorption of East Germany led to
an increase in demand for goods from the U.S. and elsewhere.
   "Generally, Europeans had money to spend and people in the
U.S. didn't," said Allen Sinai, chief economist for Boston
Co.
   The U.S. trade deficit with Japan last year widened to
$43.44 billion from $41.10 billion in 1990, and the trade gap
with China swelled to $12.69 billion from $10.43 billion. The
deficit with Taiwan narrowed to $9.84 billion from $11.18
billion.
   The department announced revisions for its November trade
report, which was released last month. November exports,
which originally had been reported as $37.46 billion, were
revised to $36.94 billion. November imports, which previously
were estimated as $41.03 billion, were revised to $41.11
billion. With the revisions, the November trade deficit
totaled $4.17 billion. All figures are seasonally adjusted.
   ---
                  Regional Trade Balances
                                                                                                       

   U.S. merchandise trade balances by region; in billions of
U.S. dollars, not seasonally adjusted
                                                                                                       

                      DEC. '91      NOV. '91    DEC. '90
                                                                                                       

   Japan                -4.46         -3.41       -3.43
   Canada               -0.92         -0.93       -0.86
   Western Europe        1.11          1.71        1.62
   NICs                 -1.15         -1.23       -1.17
                                                                                                       

   *Newly industrialized countries: Singapore, Hong Kong,
Taiwan, South Korea.
                                                                                                       

   Source: Commerce Department