Landmark Bancorp
   Creates Loss Reserve
   Totaling $3.2 Million
Specific losses to the bank, if any, haven't been
determined yet and will "depend on the creditworthiness of
the borrowers" and collateral for the loans, the parent
company said in a news release. "A preliminary review based
upon the bank's investigation indicates that . . . only a
portion appear to possess some degree of risk," the company
said.
   Landmark Bancorp said its insurance policy may cover all
or part of any loss resulting from the alleged wrongdoing,
which was first discovered last month during a routine review
of checks and balances. The loan officer has been fired.
   "We don't know the particulars as to how the loans were
initiated, and we're still looking at that," Mr. Collette
said. "The problem was that they weren't approved, and were
hidden in the accounting of the bank," he added. Mr. Collette
said that the company is continuing to investigate the matter
and has contacted federal and state law enforcement
authorities.
   The holding company's financial results for 1991 will be
revised to reflect the loan loss reserve, he said. "We'll
still show a small profit for the year," Mr. Collette said,
but declined to elaborate.
   Landmark said it has $245 million in assets and $224
million in deposits. After adjustment for the reserve, the
company said it will report $165 million in loans and a
capital addition of $17.7 million.