Zale Names Officials
   To Run Four Groups
   Of Its Jewelry Stores
Zale Chairman Irving R. Gerstein said that,
proportionately, the largest group of stores to be closed
will be in the company's Guild and Traditional divisions,
which include upscale jewelry outlets operating under names
including Corrigans, Linz, Sweeney's and Bailey, Banks 
Biddle.
   As part of the change in structure, those two divisions,
with about 450 stores, will be combined. Zale said H.
Randolph Lively Jr., 57 years old, formerly senior vice
president, administration, was named to run the upscale
division.
   Also affected will be the more than 700 Zales stores, Mr.
Gerstein said, and the least affected will be the roughly 450
Gordon's stores. The company won't close any of its
approximately 385 leased jewelry departments in department
stores.
   Zale said that Joseph A. Keifer III, 40, formerly senior
vice president, store operations, will lead the Zale
division, and Edward Jaben, 65, formerly assistant to the
president, will lead the Gordon's division. Max Brown, 62,
will remain vice president, running Diamond Park Fine
Jewelry, the leased department group.
   Zale, owned by Peoples Jewellers Ltd. of Toronto and
Swarovski International Holding AG of Switzerland, hasn't
responded to an involuntary bankruptcy petition filed last
Wednesday by a bondholder group.