Technology:
   U.S. Healthcare's
   New York Request
   On Rates Is Rejected
U.S. Healthcare, based in Blue Bell, Pa., said it intends
to file a petition with the state Supreme Court to annul the
insurance department's decision, which it called "arbitrary
and capricious." The rate request, filed in October, was for
an increase starting yesterday. States regulate rates of
health maintenance organizations.
   Costas C. Nicolaides, U.S. Healthcare's executive vice
president and chief financial officer, said he is still
assessing the financial impact of the decision on the
company. He also raised the possibility that the company may
be able to get a rate increase later in 1992.
   In its decision, the New York Insurance Department refused
to consider as part of the HMO's rate application $16.5
million for 1992 and $11.5 million in 1991 in royalty fees to
be paid to the parent company. It said it hadn't approved the
licensing agreement and, therefore, the royalty fees can't be
considered legitimate expenses. The licensing agreement
covered use of the U.S. Healthcare name, logo and trademark.
   It added that the New York HMO's net income for 1992 is
expected to be $3.6 million without the rate increase. In the
first nine months of 1991, net was $9.7 million.
   Mr. Nicolaides said the HMO had applied for approval of
the licensing agreement in November, but state regulators
haven't acted on it. An insurance department spokesman said
she couldn't confirm whether such an application was filed.