OTC Focus:
   Index Drops 1.6% as Biotech Shares
   And Health Care Issues Pace Decline
   ----
   By Anne Newman and Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The OTC "pullback is overdue in view of what has happened
to interest rates," said Gail Dudack, market analyst at S.G.
Warburg  Co. Sagging bond prices have continued to nudge
long-term rates higher over the past month. In early January,
the 30-year Treasury was yielding just 7.39%. "With rates
edging back up to {nearly} 8%, bonds are becoming more
competitive with equities," she said.
   Biotechnology shares swooned as bellwether Amgen fell 3 to
62 1/4; Chiron slipped 1 to 50 3/4; Genzyme tumbled 2 to 43
3/4, and Pioneer Hi-Bred International, which makes
genetically engineered agricultural products, toppled 4 to
64. Among all stocks, the Dow Jones index of biotechnology
stocks was the worst-performing group for the day with a 5.2%
decline; the group also has been the most sluggish this year
with a 19% fall.
   Biotechnology stocks will fall further as investors remain
skittish about companies without earnings or with prospects
of big profits still far in the future, suggests L. Keith
Mullins of Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co. Selling in the
group "will scare the devil out of them" in the short term,
Mr. Mullins says, adding that he expects the group to lead
OTC shares another 10% to 15% lower. Longer term, however,
Mr. Mullins said that he expects the biotechnology industry
will remain a leader of the OTC market. Despite this year's
slump, the group is 42% higher than a year earlier.
   Investors punished young companies that are still
reporting losses as they develop their drugs. Immune Response
tumbled 3 3/8 to 26 1/8 after the San Diego company said that
fourth-quarter losses narrowed to one cent a share from 15
cents a share; losses for the year, however, widened to 23
cents a share from 12 cents a year earlier. Synergen slipped
2 3/4 to 47 1/4. The Boulder, Colo., company reported that
fourth-quarter losses narrowed to nine cents a share from 24
cents a share a year earlier and losses for the year narrowed
to 36 cents a share from 42 cents.
   Centocor tumbled 4 3/4 to 41 1/4 after a 2 3/8-point fall
Friday, when a Robertston Stephens  Co. analyst warned that
the company might not have a big advantage over rival Xoma in
its race to win final regulatory approval for a drug to treat
septic shock. Xoma eased 3/4 to 23 1/2.
   The selling even spread to health maintenance providers,
second among the day's worst-performing groups. U.S.
Healthcare plunged 4 1/4 to 49, although the company raised
its quarterly dividend to 14 cents a share from 11 cents.
PacifiCare Health Systems fell 2 3/4 to 55 3/4; Ramsay-HMO
slipped 1 1/2 to 25. Among makers of medical products, St.
Jude Medical slipped 1 3/4 to 45 3/4; Stryker fell 2 1/2 to
41, and Tokos Medical, which makes prenatal monitoring
devices, tumbled 3 to 35.
   Handex Environmental plunged 8 1/4, or 27%, to 22 3/4.
Late Friday, it said Shell Oil will reduce the amount of
business it does with the Morganville, N.J., concern. Revenue
from Shell, a unit of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group, may
decline by as much as 25% in 1992 from 1991, it said.
   Analysts yesterday trimmed their estimates of Handex
earnings for this year, Dow Jones Professional Investor
Report said. Alex. Brown  Sons' Hugh F. Holman, for example,
reduced his forecast to $1.10 a share from $1.25.
   HealthCare Compare dropped 2 3/4 to 37 1/4 despite the
company's report that its fourth-quarter net income rose to
17 cents a share from eight cents a share a year ago. Revenue
rose to $19.6 million from $12.1 million.
   Immune Response lost 3 3/8 to 26 1/8 after it reported a
fourth-quarter loss of one cent a share, compared with a
year-earlier deficit of 15 cents a share. Analysts had
expected a loss of about three cents a share in the latest
period, according to First Call, a unit of Thomson Financial
Networks.
   Synergen slipped 2 3/4 to 47 1/4. It posted a
fourth-quarter loss of nine cents a share, compared with a
deficit of 24 cents a share last year. The mean First Call
estimate was a loss of 11 cents in the latest quarter.
   Michael Foods jumped 2 5/8 to 18 after the company
disclosed plans to begin marketing a reduced cholesterol
liquid-egg product. The company said its offering, to be
called "Simply Eggs," will be different from similar existing
products because it will contain both egg whites and yolks.
Simply Eggs will be marketed as a joint venture with SKW
Nature's Products Inc.
   Intelligent Electronics added 3/4 to 28 1/4, while Future
Now jumped 3 1/4 to 18 1/2. The companies plan a strategic
alliance, under which Intelligent Electronics will obtain a
32% interest in Future Now. In exchange for the holding,
Intelligent will transfer substantially all of its reseller
center to Future Now.
   Buffets Inc. gained 2 5/8 to 36 1/2 after the company
reported fourth-quarter net income of 18 cents a share, up
from 10 cents a share last year. Sales increased to $47.7
million from $36 million.
   Protective Life gained 1 to 23 3/4 after it reported
fourth-quarter earnings of 81 cents a share, up from 66 cents
a share a year earlier.
   Smithfield Foods lost 1 1/2 to 19 1/4. The company
reported net income 66 cents a share for its third quarter,
ended Feb. 2, down from 90 cents a share.
   CBT Financial gained 3 1/4 to 16 1/4. The West Virginia
bank was profiled in this week's edition of Barron's
magazine. The company has remained strong despite a weak
local economy, Barron's said.
   Crown Andersen lost 5 to 18. The stock fell 2 on Friday
after the company reported earnings of 19 cents a share for
its first quarter, ended Dec. 31, down from 21 cents a share
a year earlier.