Merck Net Rises 20% as Warner-Lambert
   Posts a Deficit Because of Restructuring
   ----
   By Kevin Pritchett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Merck  Co.
                                                                                                       

   The Rahway, N.J., pharmaceuticals concern said earnings
rose to $529.8 million, or $1.37 a share, in the fourth
quarter, up from $442.2 million, or $1.14 a share, in the
1990 quarter. Sales rose 10% to $2.31 billion, up from $2.1
billion.
   For the full year, net rose 19% to $2.12 billion, or $5.49
a share, from $1.78 billion, or $4.56 a share. Sales for the
year rose 12% to $8.6 billion from $7.67 billion.
International sales accounted for 46% of total volume in
1991, down from 47% in 1990.
   Christina Heuer, an analyst with Smith Barney, Harris
Upham  Co., said Merck's results "were a few pennies more
than the consensus expectation in a difficult stock market.
Merck's earnings were excellent, and the company's outlook is
excellent."
   The company said improved results were due to volume
gains, its product mix, cost controls and a lower tax rate.
Merck also reported that it spent $1 billion on research and
development in 1991, up 16%.
   Sales leaders include Vasotec, a hypertension drug,
Mevacor, a cholesterol-lowering drug, and Primaxin, an
antibiotic.
   Merck said it submitted a new-drug application during the
second quarter of 1991 for Proscar, a drug to treat benign
enlargement of the prostate. The Food and Drug Administration
will hold an advisory committee meeting Tuesday to review the
application, Merck said.
   Merck shares rose $1 yesterday, to $153, in late New York
Stock Exchange trading.
                                                                                                       

   Warner-Lambert Co.
                                                                                                       

   The Morris Plains, N.J., company, which also has a
health-care-products business, said it had a loss of $297.1
million, or $2.21 a share, in the fourth quarter, vs.
year-before net income of $105.4 million, or 78 cents a
share. Sales rose 7% to $1.34 billion from $1.25 billion.
   The company took a $544 million pretax charge against
fourth-quarter and 1991 earnings for the cost of planned
reductions in the work force. Warner-Lambert previously said
it would seek to cut overseas staff by 2,000 and its U.S.
jobs by 700, primarily through an early retirement program.
It said the move would help it compete better in the drug
industry and take advantage of falling trade barriers. The
company said it expects to derive more than $1 billion in
pretax savings from its restructuring in the next seven
years. Excluding the charge, earnings for the quarter rose
15% to $121 million, or 90 cents a share.
   Smith Barney's Ms. Heuer said "Warner-Lambert's earnings
were OK, and the outlook is not so good. It's not an
inspiring situation." The company's shares declined on the
earnings news and were quoted at $72.125, down $1.625, in
late Big Board trading.
   Still, Warner-Lambert announced a 16% increase in its
quarterly dividend, to 51 cents a share from 44 cents. The
new dividend is payable March 10 to stock of record Feb. 7.
   For the year, net income declined 93% to $34.8 million, or
26 cents a share, vs. 1990's $484.9 million, or $3.61 a
share. Sales rose 8% to $5.06 billion from $4.69 billion. The
year's results include the restructuring charge and a $146
million pretax charge because of an accounting change for
retiree benefits. Excluding the charges, net income rose 15%
to $559 million, or $4.16 a share.
   World-wide sales in the company's pharmaceutical division
increased 17%, led by Lopid, a cholestrol-lowering drug,
whose sales increased 31%. Sales in the
consumer-health-products sector, which increased 2% to $1.96
billion, were led by Hall cough drop sales, which rose 10%.
Led by Clorets gum and mints, world-wide sales of
confectionery products rose 3% to $1.08 billion during 1991.
   The company said the Food and Drug Administration is
allowing wider trials of the anti-Alzheimer's drug Cognex.
The company had failed late last year to get the drug
approved for marketing.