Business Brief:
   International Paper
   To Buy Scitex Stake,
   Get Four Board Seats
Under a memorandum of understanding, Scitex will issue
4,750,000 new shares to International Paper in a private
placement, at $44 a share. The transaction is subject to a
definitive agreement and approval of shareholders of both
companies.
   The transaction also is subject to execution of an
agreement between International Paper and Scitex's two
largest shareholders, IDB Holding Corp. and Clal Group, both
Israeli holding companies, which control about 38% of Scitex.
The agreement calls for the three companies to each hold 11%
of Scitex.
   An International Paper spokesman said it would appoint
four of Scitex's 12 directors, including International Paper
Chairman John A. Georges.
   Scitex closed at $41, up $1.75, in national
over-the-counter trading.
   Until late last year, Maxwell Group held a 19% stake in
Scitex. But the International Paper spokesman said the latest
transaction is unrelated to the Maxwell divestiture.
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   INTERNATIONAL PAPER Co., which plans to buy an 11% stake
in Scitex Corp., said the combined stake of two other large
shareholders in Scitex is about 26%. International Paper's
purchase is subject to board approvals at International Paper
and Scitex. The size of the combined stake and terms of
approval of the International Paper proposal were incorrectly
stated in yesterday's edition.
   (WSJ March 3, 1992)