Calprop Says Deficit
   Shrank in 4th Period
   Due to Streamlining
Mr. Rattazzi said the company, which has been streamlining
operations in the difficult California real estate market,
had revenue of $6.5 million to $7.5 million, compared with $6
million a year earlier.
   He said the wide range given for the expected loss
reflects that it hasn't yet determined an amount of "net
realizable value reductions," the result of the quarterly
balance-sheet process that lets the company adjust values on
the basis of market conditions.
   "It was a year of survival, a year of hunkering down," Mr.
Rattazzi said in an interview. "To survive with projects
intact and administration and management intact is, to me, a
victory."
   For the year, he said, the California home builder expects
a loss of $4.5 million to $7 million, or $1 to $1.50 a share,
on revenue of $25 million to $30 million. In 1990, Calprop
had a loss of $11.7 million, or $2.52 a share, on revenue of
$36.8 million.
   Mr. Rattazzi said the company could post 1992 revenue of
$35 million to $40 million, buoyed in part by a major land
sale. That sale occurred in late 1991, but its full financial
impact won't be felt until this year. "On an income basis, we
will probably break even, maybe even a little positive," he
said.
   Mr. Rattazzi said the company's loss had been narrowed in
large part as a result of a just completed downsizing of the
company. It has cut its work force and reduced and redesigned
a number of its real estate projects. That plan, which it
began a year and a half ago, has resulted in cutting
operating costs by 65%.
   On the operations side, Mr. Rattazzi said the company has
cut its staff to only 32 employees, from more than 130 in May
1990. This year, Calprop hasn't given any incentive awards or
made contributions to its employees' 401k plans, he said.
"The same jobs are being done, just by fewer people working a
lot more hours."