UAL Reports a Hefty 4th-Quarter Loss,
   Plans to Cut Capital Spending by 13%
   ----
   By Brett Pulley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Before its announcement yesterday, United had set a $15.8
billion capital-spending plan for the 1992-1995 period. Only
$6.9 billion of that is actually committed, however. The rest
is discretionary spending, and United didn't say whether it
is cutting any more than $2 billion, a move that would
indicate a sharp retrenchment from aircraft purchasing plans.
   "I really don't see United as a candidate to break away
from its commitments to growth," said Kevin Murphy, an
airline analyst at Morgan Stanley  Co.
   Indeed, United has projected a 12% capacity increase for
this year and is starting new service in Latin America.
Additionally, the airline needs to update its fleet and add
more new aircraft that meet new federal anti-noise
regulations. United's planes average 11 years in age, and
just 57% of them meet noise guidelines.
   Last September, AMR Corp.'s American Airlines announced
plans to cut its capital expenditures over the next four
years to about $13 billion from $21 billion. However,
American's fleet is newer -- nine years old on average -- and
75% of its planes meet noise regulations.
   Reaction from traders to UAL's announcement indicated they
were bracing for worse. The stock closed up $5.125 to $144.50
in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
   Some analysts think United's $2 billion spending cut may
involve cutting back its narrow-body fleet plans. A
retrenchment is "born out of the industry's consolidation"
said Tim Pettee, an airline analyst at Alliance Capital
Management in New York. "The domestic market has been
conquered. There's less of a need for domestic narrow-body
capacity and more of a need for international long-range
capacity."
   The lack of any specific plan to slow United's fleet
expansion apparently eased some uncertainty at Boeing Co.,
which has about 17% of its aircraft backlog earmarked for
United. Boeing's stock price had tumbled in recent days, and
analysts blamed speculation that United might drastically cut
its orders. After falling $3 to $50.625 on Wednesday in New
York Stock Exchange composite trading, Boeing shares
recovered yesterday to close up $2.125 to $52.75.
   According to Paul Nisbet, a Prudential Securities Inc.
analyst, United's current "firm" orders with Boeing are for
150 narrow-body 737s and 757s, together worth around $4.3
billion, and for another 93 wide-body 767s, 777s and 747s
that account for more than another $10 billion. United
currently has about 108 options for the small 737 two-engine
jetliners, about 60 options for 757s, and other options for
about 240 larger Boeing aircraft.
   UAL's loss in the quarter, equal to $10.69 a share and the
largest it has ever recorded, was affected by $130 million in
pretax charges, including $64 million in retroactive pay and
benefits to employees. In the previous fourth quarter, UAL
reported a net loss of $123.5 million, or $5.66 a share.
Operating revenue for the quarter rose 3.6% to $2.9 billion.
   Noting that the U.S. and other economies continue to show
little strength, UAL Chairman Stephen M. Wolf termed the loss
an "exceedingly unsatisfactory end to a very dismal year."
For all of 1991, UAL had a net loss of $331.9 million, or
$14.31 a share, a sharp reversal from its profit of $94.5
million, or $4.33 a share, in 1990. Revenue in 1991 was $11.7
billion, up 6.4%.
   Besides the weak economy, UAL blamed competitive pricing
and a continuing traffic slump for its depressed results.
According to the Air Transport Association, the industry
trade group, airline passenger traffic dropped 2.3% in 1991.
   ---
   Asra Q. Nomani contributed to this article.