International:
   Goldman Sachs Is Chosen
   As an Adviser for Russia
Goldman Sachs also will work with the committee to
identify several specific projects for foreign investment.
Those projects are likely to be large and concentrated in
such areas as oil and gas, consumer and health products, food
processing and distribution, clothing and housing, said
Leonid Grigoriev, deputy minister of economy and finance and
president of the investment committee.
   Russia hopes that Goldman Sachs will be able to locate
investors for these projects from its world-wide client base.
Once negotiations on any project begin, however, Goldman
Sachs would represent the Russian side.
   The two sides declined to reveal the terms of the
arrangement. A Goldman Sachs representative indicated that
the U.S. firm's revenue will be generated mainly on a
commission basis, the amount depending on how many investors
the firm can attract.
   Mr. Grigoriev said Russia is likely to introduce a new
"investment rate" for the ruble. The new rate would be "at
least 10" rubles to the dollar, which would be less favorable
to foreign investors than the current official rate of about
110 rubles to the dollar, but more favorable than the
previous investment rate, phased out last year, that valued
the ruble at about $1.70.