New Securities Issues
Idaho Power Co. -- $100 million two-part issue of first
mortgage bonds was priced through underwriters led by
Goldman, Sachs  Co. The first part, consisting of $50
million first mortgage bonds, due March 15, 2004, was priced
as 8% at 99.20 to yield 8.105%. The noncallable first
mortgage bonds were priced at a spread of 63 basis points
above the Treasury's 10-year note. The second part,
consisting of $50 million first mortage bonds, due March 15,
2027, was priced as 8 3/4% at 99.625 to yield 8.784%. The
first mortgage bonds, noncallable for 10 years, were priced
at a spread of 85 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year
bond. Both parts are rated single-A-2 by Moody's Investors
Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard  Poor's Corp.
   Delta Air Lines -- $300 million two-part issue of notes
and debentures was priced through underwriters led by Goldman
Sachs. The first part, consisting of $100 million of notes,
due March 15, 2002, was priced as 8 1/2% at 99.627 to yield
8.556%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 110
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. The second
part, consisting of $200 million of debentures, due March 15,
2022, was priced as 9 1/4% at 99.56 to yield 9.294%. The
noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 137.5 basis
points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Both parts are
rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP.
   Toll Corp. -- $100 million issue of senior subordinated
notes, due March 15, 2002, was priced at par to yield 10.5%.
The notes, noncallable for five years, are guaranteed by Toll
Brothers Inc., the issuer's parent. Rated Ba-3 by Moody's and
single-B by SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Merrill Lynch  Co. The size of the issue was
increased from a previously planned $75 million.
   BankAmerica Corp. -- $500 million two-part issue of
various notes was priced through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers Inc. The first part, consisting of $150 million
floating rate notes, due March 15, 1995, was priced at 99.85
to float quarterly at a spread of 30 basis points above the
London interbank offered rate. The noncallable notes will be
reset quarterly and will pay interest quarterly. The second
part, consisting of $350 million notes, due March 15, 1997,
was priced as 7 1/2% at 99.351 to yield 7.659%. The
noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 82 basis points
above the Treasury's five-year note. Both parts are rated
single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A by SP.
   Scott Paper Co. -- $200 million issue of debentures, due
March 15, 2004, was priced as 8.30% at 99.475 to yield 8.37%.
The noncallable debentures were priced at a spread of 90
basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
single-A-3 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman Sachs.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Massachusetts Convention Center Authority -- $162.6
million Series 1992 refunding bonds for Hynes Convention
Center, Series A, due Sept. 1, 1993-1999, with capital
appreciation bonds due 2000-2005, and Series B, due Sept. 1,
1999, were priced by a Tucker Anthony Inc. group to yield
from 3.80% in 1993 to 6.80% in 2005. The bonds are rated Baa
by Moody's and triple-B by SP. The bonds are rated single-A
by Fitch Investors Service Inc.
   New York State Housing Finance Agency -- $76.98 million
guaranteed service contract revenue bonds, 1992 Series A and
B, comprised of $51,305,000 tax-exempt bonds and $25,675,000
taxable bonds, due Sept. 15, 1997, 2002, 2012, 2010, and
2021, were tentatively priced by a Bear, Stearns  Co. group
to yield from 7.37% for tax-exempt bonds maturing in 2012 to
9.90% for taxable bonds maturing in 2010. Series A consists
of $51,305,000 tax-exempt bonds due 2012 and 2021. There are
$6,570,000 million term bonds priced as 7.25% at 98.75 to
yield 7.37% in 2012; $44,735,000 term bonds priced as 7.38%
at 99.38 to yield 7.43% in 2021. Series B consists of
$25,675,000 taxable bonds due 1997, 2002, and 2010;
$3,570,000 million term bonds priced as 8.25% to yield 8.50%;
$5.6 million term bonds priced as 9.25% to yield 9.35%;
$16,510,000 million term bonds priced as 9.75% to yield
9.90%. A rating of Baa-1 is expected from by Moody's. The
bonds are rated triple-B by SP.
   Hospital Facilities Authority of Clackamas County, Ore. --
$62,120,000 hospital revenue bonds, (Sisters of Providence
issue), Series A, due Oct. 1, 1992-2007, were tentatively
priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 3.40% in
1992 to 6.70% in 2005-2007. The bonds are rated single-A-1 by
Moody's and double-A-minus by SP.
   South Carolina -- The bulk of the state's $199.8 million
various state capital improvement general obligation bonds,
comprised of $85 million Series 1992 A general obligation
bonds, due March 1, 1993-2008, and $114.8 million Series 1992
B refunding general obligation bonds due March 1, 1993-2005,
apparently were won by a Goldman Sachs group with a bid
setting the net interest cost at 5.786%. The Goldman Sachs
group apparently won $114.8 million Series 1992 B refunding
general obligation bonds. The bonds are priced to yield from
3.10% in 1993 to 6.25% in 2005. There are no bonds maturing
in 2002. The bonds are rated triple-A by both Moody's and by
SP. The winning bid for $85 million of South Carolina's
$199.8 million various state capital improvement general
obligation bonds, apparently was placed by a J.P. Morgan
Securities Inc. group. The bid set the net interest cost at
6.0739%. The bonds won by the J.P. Morgan group are priced to
yield from 3.20% in 1993 to 6.40% in 2007 and 2008. The bonds
are rated triple-A by both Moody's and by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   U.S. HomeCare Corp. -- An offering of 1,537,500 common
shares is under way at a price of $14 a share. Of the shares
being offered, 1.5 million are newly issued by the company
and 37,500 are being sold by selling shareholders. The
underwriting group is being managed by Robertson Stephens 
Co. and Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
   Santander Overseas Bank -- A $225 million issue of
preferred stock was priced through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch. The nine million shares of $25-a-share
preferred stock was priced with a dividend rate to yield
8.70%. The issue is rated single-A-1 by Moody's and
single-A-plus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                      MORTGAGE-BACKED
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million
issue of real estate mortgage investment conduit securities
is being offered by Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities
Corp. The offering, Series 1992-61, is backed by Fannie Mae
15-year 7 1/2% mortgage securities. The issue settles May 28.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $720 million
issue of Remic securities is being offered by Merrill Lynch.
The offering, Series 1992-G23, is backed by stripped
Government National Mortgage Association 9% mortgage
securities from Stripped Mortgage Backed Securities Trust
131. The collateral has a weighted average remaining term to
maturity of 27.5 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $300 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Kidder, Peabody  Co.
The offering, Series Gold 1256, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
9 1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 10.15% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 27.08 years. The issue settles April 30.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $500 million issue of
Remic securities is being offered by Salomon Brothers Inc.
The offering, Series Gold 1255, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold
8 1/2% mortgage securities. The collateral has a weighted
average coupon rate of 9.20% and weighted average remaining
term to maturity of 29.33 years. The issue settles April 30.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Inter-American Development Bank (Agency) -- 50 billion yen
of 5 1/4% Eurobonds due April 6, 1995, at a fixed initial
offer price of par via Nomura International PLC and IBJ
International. Fees 3/16.
   BP America Inc. (U.K. parent) -- 150 million European
currency units of 8 5/8% Eurobonds due March 31, 1999, at
issue price 101.325 via UBS Phillips  Drew. Offered intially
at fixed price of 99.80 to yield 8.66%. Guarantor British
Petroleum Co. Fees 1 7/8.
   Eurofima (Agency) -- 200 billion Italian lire of 11 1/8%
Eurobonds due April 1, 1999, at issue price 101.30 via IMI
Bank Luxembourg. Yield 11.22% after deducting full
commissions. Fees 1 3/4.
   Kredietbank International Finance N.V. (Belgian parent) --
150 million Dutch guilders of 8 1/2% subordinated bonds due
April 10, 2002, at 100 1/2; fixed reoffer 99.70 via Rabobank
Nederland. Fees 1.0.
   Daito Trust Construction Co. (Japan) -- $300 million of 3%
(semiannual) Eurobonds due March 31, 1999, at issue price par
via Yamaichi International (Europe) Ltd. Convertible into
Daita shares from April 2, 1992, to March 24, 1999, at
expected 2.5% premium above closing share price when terms
fixed March 17. Conversion price will be adjusted for a
2-for-1 stock split on May 15, 1992. Call option from April
1, 1992, at 103, declining 1.0 point each year to par in
1995, but only if shares trade at or above 130% of conversion
price. Put option on March 31, 1995, at par. Fees 2.5.