Who's News:
   Compaq Computer
   Promotes 3 Executives
   As Part of Revamping
The computer maker promoted Ross A. Cooley, 51, to senior
vice president of North American operations and Andreas
Barth, 47, to senior vice president of European operations.
All three officers will report directly to Compaq's president
and chief executive, Eckhard Pfeiffer.
   Compaq has been making major changes in its management
team since October, when the board said it was ousting the
company's founder, president and chief executive, Joseph R.
Canion, in favor of Mr. Pfeiffer, then Compaq's chief
operating officer. Mr. Pfeiffer promised to cut costs and
change the way the company designs, prices, markets and
distributes its computers.
   Mr. Johns is responsible for the worldwide design,
marketing and manufacturing of Compaq's personal computer
products. He also will oversee efforts to evaluate new
markets. Previously, he was vice president of corporate
marketing.
   The company said Mr. Cooley oversees all of the company's
U.S. and Canadian business efforts. Based in Compaq's
European headquarters in Munich, Germany, Mr. Barth will
direct the daily operations of sales, service and marketing
in Eastern and Western Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
His previous positions with Compaq included managing
director, Central Europe, responsible for sales and marketing
in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.