ABC Aims to Avoid
   `Twin Peaks' Error
   With New Format
   ---
   Midi-Series Are Intended
   To End Risk of Shows
   Outliving Their Appeal
   ----
   By Kevin Goldman
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Capital Cities/ABC Inc. unit is enlisting novelist
Judith Krantz and movie director Oliver Stone to shepherd the
new form, which ABC calls the "event series." Terms weren't
disclosed. Ms. Krantz has written several best-selling
novels, which have been turned into miniseries on rival
networks. Mr. Stone's movies include "JFK," "Wall Street" and
"Platoon."
   ABC executives said the new approach is a way to use
high-profile talent and big budgets to ensure a low-risk
success, then drop the show when the talent departs for other
projects. Film director David Lynch was heavily involved in
"Twin Peaks" at the start but soon left the series to others.
   If "Twin Peaks" had settled for just a limited run and
disappeared after revealing who killed Laura Palmer, "it
would have been hailed as landmark television. Instead we
expected it to be a multiple-year series," but it didn't have
"creative strength," said ABC Entertainment President Robert
A. Iger.
   Each midi-series would last six to eight hours and would
be aired on a weekly basis at the same time and on the same
night. ABC said it signed Ms. Krantz to a long-range
agreement for two "event series" and three other projects,
including a miniseries of her forthcoming novel, "Scruples
Two," and two original two-hour movies based on Krantz
stories.
   Neither ABC nor Mr. Stone's production company, Ixtlan
Corp., would comment on the director's project. ABC also
signed Steven Spielberg to create a two-hour movie, "Class of
'61," which may become a midi-series or regular series.