Business Brief:
   Home Depot Posts
   63% Increase in Net
   For Fiscal 4th Period
Several analysts promptly increased their estimates for
the Atlanta-based retailer's profits in the coming year and
said Home Depot's performance may show that the company is
starting to benefit from a slow economic recovery. They noted
that some of Home Depot's smaller rivals, including Lowe's
Cos. and Hechinger Co., have had strong sales gains recently.
   Home Depot officials said they didn't attribute the
impressive fourth-quarter results to an improved economy. The
company performed well during the recession, as it won over
customers from locally owned lumber and hardware stores and
benefited from an increased do-it-yourself mentality.
   But Dan R. Wewer, an analyst with Robinson Humphrey Co.,
said Home Depot is now benefiting from a rebound in lumber
sales and a decline in customers' tendency to choose
less-expensive models of home-improvement equipment.
   Home Depot's gross profit margins also improved, to 29.6%
of sales from 29%, partly because the company's growth gave
it better volume rebates from suppliers. Also, the company
said relatively lower advertising and occupancy costs helped
the bottom line.
   For the full fiscal year, earnings rose 52% to $249.2
million, or $1.20 a share, from $163.4 million, or 90 cents a
share, the previous year. Revenue was up 35% to $5.14 billion
from $3.82 billion.