Fed Acts to Give
   Banks Flexibility
   In Raising Capital
   ----
   By Kenneth H. Bacon
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Both bankers and borrowers have complained that capital
requirements that took effect last year were forcing banks to
contract credit. The rules, based on an international
agreement known as the Basel Accords, require banks to hold a
certain amount of capital, keyed to the riskiness of loans,
as a cushion against failure. Capital is divided into two
groups. Tier 1 or "core" capital consists of common stock,
retained earnings and preferred stock. Initially, the Fed
ruled that preferred stock can only account for 25% of Tier 1
capital of bank holding companies.
   Under the change, the 25% limit will apply only to
cumulative preferred stock, on which preset dividends can be
deferred but not canceled. No explicit limit will apply to
the amount of noncumulative preferred stock a bank can issue.
Because an institution having trouble can cancel dividends on
noncumulative preferred stock outright, such capital is
similar to common stock, which constitutes the majority of
Tier 1 capital.
   The impact of the change will be limited for several
reasons. Noncumulative preferred stock isn't particularly
popular with investors. According to one Wall Street bank
analyst only a few holding companies -- including Citicorp
and Chase Manhattan Corp. -- are approaching the current 25%
preferred stock limit, and thus are likely to benefit from
the change.
   In addition, the Fed said it believes "bank holding
companies should avoid overreliance on preferred stock within
Tier 1 capital." It said it will carefully monitor the
composition of capital when it inspects holding companies for
regulatory purposes such as mergers.