Year-End Review of Underwriting:
   Underwriting Fees End
   Their Four-Year Tailspin
   ---
   Last Year's Results
   More Than Doubled
   1990's Paltry Total
   ----
   By Michael Siconolfi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Two powerful forces combined to create Wall Street's fee
explosion: a surprising surge in initial public stock
offerings and stock underwritings of seasoned companies; and
a modest revival of high-yield junk-bond issues. These two
sectors are highly profitable for Wall Street underwriters,
which earn fees by buying new securities from corporate
issuers and reselling the securities to the public.
   The 1991 fee windfall provided a clear sign that Wall
Street has begun to recover from a recession brought on by
the 1987 stock market crash. The underwriting arena has
provided Wall Street's few big-ticket items in the 1990s,
replacing the mergers-and-acquisition business, which remains
in the doldrums. Last year, underwriting fees were a driving
force in Wall Street's profit rebound.
   Don't expect quite as festive a fee party in 1992,
however. That's because the bulk of this year's stock
offerings are likely to be so-called secondary issues from
seasoned corporate clients -- not the more lucrative IPOs.
   "The IPO business will still be around, but at somewhat
less as a percentage of the total," said Michael D. Madden,
co-head of investment banking at the Lehman Brothers division
of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., an American Express Co.
unit. "While stock-underwriting fees may be greater overall
in 1992," Mr. Madden adds, the shift means "going from a
5%-6% underwriting-fee business to a 2%-3% {underwriting-fee}
business."
   Either way, the fees earned from new-stock issues will
continue to drive underwriting profits in 1992, many
investment bankers say. "As long as there's a reasonable
market environment, fees should be near" 1991 levels,
predicts Thomas W. Davis, managing director of equity
transactions at Merrill Lynch & Co.
   Nearly every major investment bank enjoyed fatter fees
last year. Each of the securities firms in the top 10 posted
a jump of at least $208 million in underwriting fees from
1990 levels. After a slow 1990, "for many investment banks,
1991 proved to be the answer to their prayers," said Mark
Basch, a Securities Data analyst.
   Merrill was the big fee winner for the fourth year in a
row. The U.S.'s largest securities firm earned $833.5 million
in disclosed fees in 1991, nearly $150 million more than
Goldman, Sachs & Co., its nearest competitor. A major factor
in Merrill's success: the continuing appeal of LYONs, or
liquid yield option notes. This security is a form of
zero-coupon corporate bonds convertible either into the stock
of the company that issues them, or into some other equity
instrument. Merrill helped bring to market 11 LYONs issues in
1991, for fees totaling $77 million -- or a tad under 10% of
the firm's total underwriting fee income.
   But the outlook for this product -- one of Wall Street's
hottest -- is uncertain for 1992. That's because the Internal
Revenue Service late last year challenged the tax status of
LYONs. Merrill declined to comment on the outlook for LYONs.
   Goldman came in second place in the fee race, with $686.9
million. Goldman's fee total largely stemmed from the firm's
success in lucrative stock offerings, which account for 60%
of the firm's total underwriting volume. Morgan Stanley Group
Inc. made strides in the underwriting fee race, jumping to
No. 3, with disclosed fees of $480 million, from No. 6, or
$141 million, in 1990. Alex. Brown & Sons Inc., with its
focus on profitable IPOs, ranked No. 4, with $447.6 million
in underwriting fees.
   But Salomon Brothers Inc. was hurt by its Treasury-auction
bidding scandal. Although the Salomon Inc. unit had more
underwriting business, it fell to No. 7 from No. 3 in the fee
rankings with a total of $289.7 million. That figure compares
with total fees of $192.9 million in 1990.
   The fee tables give the best guide available to the top
Wall Street underwriters. But the rankings don't necessarily
paint a clear picture of the actual profits earned from
underwriting among securities firms, investment bankers say.
The numbers reflect only disclosed fees; on some deals,
particularly mortgage-backed deals and derivative
transactions, fees aren't fully shown.
   Full credit for fees is given to the lead manager in an
underwriting syndicate; in reality, those fees typically are
spread among several investment banks. But issues sold
through so-called competitive bids, in which investment banks
submit their best price for a deal, generally are
loss-leaders for Wall Street firms. And asset-backed debt
deals often contain agreements to rebate part of the fee back
to the issuer, investment bankers say.
   The 1991 fee surge on Wall Street was bolstered by a
banner crop of IPOs, which averaged a fee of 6.2% of the
deals' proceeds, according to IDD Information Services.
So-called secondary stock offerings of seasoned companies
averaged about 4% per deal, and preferred stock, 2.6%, IDD
said.
   An indication of just how important new stock issues were
to the profit party in 1991: Fees from new stock issues
accounted for 71% of fee volume in 1991 -- but just 13% of
the underwriting volume, according to IDD.
   Bond-underwriting deals generally are far less lucrative
for investment banks. The average fee for each straight debt
issue, for instance, was 0.63% in 1991; convertible debt
deals averaged 2.24% of transaction proceeds, IDD said.
   Still, average fees from underwriting bond issues could
creep up as more and more investment banks create
custom-tailored derivative products, some Wall Street
executives assert. Derivatives -- not exactly stocks, not
exactly bonds -- are hybrid securities that move in relation
to an underlying index, stock, bond, currency or commodity,
or some combination. "These {derivative} deals are more
complex and sophisticated, which in turn can justify higher
fees," says Roger M. Vasey, head of Merrill's debt markets
group.
   The fee rebound was given a surprise boost from a busy
new-issue calendar among junk bonds. After nearly
disappearing in 1990, 47 new junk-bond issues were brought to
market in 1991, far more than the 10 issued in 1990. The fees
the new junk bonds brought totaled more than $174 million,
for an average fee per deal of about $4 million.
   ---
        Disclosed Fees From New Issue Underwriting
                                                                                                       

             1991                           1990
  --------------------------  ------------------------------
   AMOUNT             NUMBER   AMOUNT                 NUMBER

  millions)   SHARE   ISSUES  millions)  RANK  SHARE  ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch
   $833.5      18.0%    567    $326.9      1   16.8%    372
                                                                                                       

 Goldman Sachs
    686.9      14.8     454     245.7      2   12.6     200
                                                                                                       

 Morgan Stanley
    480.0      10.3     281     141.0      6    7.3     191
                                                                                                       

 Alex. Brown
    447.6       9.6      66     183.6      4    9.4      33
                                                                                                       

 Lehman Brothers
    339.5       7.3     498     125.2      6    6.4     116
                                                                                                       

 First Boston
    338.0       7.3     312     158.0      5    8.1     167
                                                                                                       

 Salomon Brothers
    289.7       6.2     199     192.9      3    9.9     142
                                                                                                       

 Dean Witter Reynolds
    115.0       2.5      41      75.1      9    3.9      21
                                                                                                       

 PaineWebber
    111.8       2.4      75      91.4      8    4.7      38
                                                                                                       

 Kidder Peabody
    106.1       2.3     199      39.4     11    2.0      82
                                                                                                       

 Top 10
 $3,748.1      80.7%  2,692  $1,579.3     ..   81.3%  1,362
                                                                                                       

 INDUSTRY TOTALS
 $4,642.4     100.0%  3,794  $1,943.5     ..  100.0%  1,977
                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co.
   ---
                Top Municipal Underwriters
                                                                                                       

                              AMOUNT      MARKET    NO. OF
 MANAGER                  (In billions)   SHARE     ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Goldman Sachs                 $21.0       12.5%     282
 Merrill Lynch                  16.5        9.8      370
 Lehman Brothers                11.0        6.5      391
 First Boston                   10.5        6.2      120
 Smith Barney                   10.0        5.9      232
 Bear Stearns                    7.2        4.3       94
 PaineWebber                     6.3        3.8      172
 Prudential-Bache                5.8        3.4      312
 Morgan Stanley                  4.9        2.9       75
 J.P. Morgan Sec.                3.6        2.2       39
 SUBTOTALS                     $96.8       57.5%   2,087

                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co./Bond Buyer
   ---
         Top Underwriters of U.S. Debt and Equity
                                                                                                       

                               1990
      AMOUNT      MARKET      AMOUNT              MARKET
   (In billions)   SHARE   (In billions)   RANK   SHARE
                                                                                                       

 Merrill Lynch
      $100.7       17.1%       $54.5         1     17.4%
                                                                                                       

 Goldman Sachs
       69.9        11.9         39.5         2     12.6
                                                                                                       

 Lehman Brothers
       68.9        11.7         19.9         8      6.3
                                                                                                       

 First Boston
       58.0         9.9         34.0         3     10.8
                                                                                                       

 Kidder Peabody
       50.8         8.7         22.2         6      7.1
                                                                                                       

 Morgan Stanley
       48.8         8.3         30.5         5      9.7
                                                                                                       

 Salomon Brothers
       46.4         7.9         32.8         4     10.4
                                                                                                       

 Bear Stearns
       33.9         5.8         20.3         7      5.6
                                                                                                       

 Prudential Securities
       17.2         2.9         12.6         9      4.0
                                                                                                       

 Donaldson Lufkin
       11.5         2.0          6.4        10      2.0
                                                                                                       

 Top 10
     $506.2        86.2       $272.7        ..      2.0
                                                                                                       

 INDUSTRY TOTALS
     $587.4       100.0%      $313.8        ..    100.0%
                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co.