World Markets:
   Tokyo Shares Decline on Worries About Politics;
   London Stocks Advance in a Futures-Led Rally
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
Declining issues outnumbered gainers, 747 to 208. The
Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of first-section issues
fell 14.48 points to 1612.94, after a drop of 3.83 points
Friday.
   Sentiment was hurt by the ruling Liberal Democratic
Party's defeat in a byelection Sunday. With the Tokyo market
closing Tuesday for a national holiday and a weak showing by
New York stocks Friday, most investors stayed out of the
market.
   The LDP candidate's defeat in a contest for a vacant Upper
House seat in Nara prefecture, in a campaign that focused on
scandals involving ruling-party politicians, was seen as a
sign that political uncertainty will increase in the near
term. Passage of the budget for the fiscal year starting
April 1 also could be delayed, investors speculated. Rumored
payments by a trucking company, Tokyo Sagawa Kyubin, to
several politicians are expected to further complicate the
political situation.
   The market's weakness was exacerbated when the March
Nikkei futures contract fell below an expected support level
of 22000 to end at 21940. Participants had expected March
futures to stay between 22000 and 25000.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index, which dropped 17.1 points Friday, advanced 21.2 points
to 2538.4. The narrower FT 30-stock index closed at 1958.9,
gaining 13.8 points after shedding 16.1 points Friday. Volume
totaled 426.4 million shares, thinning from 596.2 million.
   Share prices bounced back Monday from five straight losing
sessions, in a futures-led rally spurred on toward the close
by a strong start on Wall Street. Gains were led by several
heavyweight stocks that had suffered the most last week.
   Monday was the first day of a new two-week trading
account, and dealers speculated that the account could be
starting as the last one did, with a rise in share prices in
the first week followed by a decline in the second week.
   Reacting to falls in New York share prices Friday and
Tokyo prices Monday, London market players pushed prices down
early in the day. Then, index-futures buying triggered a rise
in the cash market, and New York's early firmness pushed the
London stock market to its intraday high. At the London
close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 8.72 points at
3234.12.
   In Frankfurt, the 30-share DAX index ended at 1682.13,
down 3.39 points on the heels of a 4.39-point gain Friday.
Volume was modest overall, though some blue chips moved
sharply higher or lower in active trading related to
corporate news.
   In Singapore, shares ended mixed, but Malaysian shares
traded over the counter continued a rally. The UOB OTC index
of mostly Malaysian shares finished at 825.34 points, up
14.61 points, or 1.8%, after Friday's jump of 21.26 points,
or 2.7%.
   Last week, trading of over-the-counter shares accounted
for about half the market's turnover, compared with less than
one-third the week before.
   The rally in these shares began with buying of Malaysian
blue chips, but widened as investors sought out lower-priced
issues. Meanwhile, interest in Singapore shares continues to
decline. One reason was a news report last week suggesting
that a recent speculative boom in residential property has
peaked. Coupled with various cautious remarks from
politicians, the report brought home the message that a
period of consolidation in the economy, and thus in the stock
market, could be expected.
   Among corporate developments, in London, British Petroleum
leaped 10 pence, or 3.6%, to 285 pence ($5.24) on strong
volume of 6.8 million shares. BP's full-year results due
Thursday are expected to be poor, but investors have become
convinced that directors won't cut the dividend, as was
feared.
   Also helping the stock was Chairman Robert Horton's
comments in an interview published in the Sunday Times
newspaper. Mr. Horton said crude-oil prices could rise to
between $35 dollars a barrel and $40 a barrel in the next few
years, from about $19 a barrel currently.
   In Frankfurt, Lufthansa rose 2.80 marks, or 1.8%, to
159.80 marks ($102.44). The airline, which is 52%
state-owned, said it has talked with some U.S. carriers over
possible business links and that it might be interested in
negotiating a joint-venture airline with Russia's Aeroflot.
   Separately, a spokesman said the airline has decided to
postpone orders for 11 short-range jet aircraft originally
planned for delivery in 1993. He couldn't say when delivery
eventually will be taken. The orders were for Boeing 737
aircraft and A320 planes made by Airbus Industrie.
   Deutsche Babcock jumped 5.40, or 3.2%, to 174.40 on
speculation about a possible purchase of a stake in the
engineering group by Siemens's KWU power-generation unit. A
Deutsche Babcock spokesman said the company was "very
interested" in the prospect of Siemens taking a stake, but
hadn't yet started negotiations. Siemens finished at 662.80,
down 2.20.
   Metallgesellschaft tumbled 16.70, or 3.9%, to 410.10 a day
before the company's scheduled release of annual earnings.
Analyts expect earnings to have fallen as much as 50% last
year on a weak sales gain, sluggish export markets and a
general depression in world prices for nonferrous metals.
   In Sydney, Foster's Brewing Group advanced 4 Australian
cents, or 2%, to 1.91 Australian dollars (US$1.43). The
company said operating profit after tax fell 1.2% to A$183.5
million ($137.8 million) in the fiscal first half ended Dec.
31. Foster's reported an extraordinary charge against profit
of A$129.8 million, compared with a year-earlier charge
against profit of A$85.9 million. The charge against profit
in the latest half was incurred mainly in winding down
finance assets.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % This
                                   Feb 7    Feb 6     Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. .....................      384.6    387.1    - 1.4
   Britain ..................      745.6    750.6    + 1.1
   Canada ...................      405.9    407.3    + 2.6
   Japan ....................      938.7    942.0    - 5.1
   France ...................      526.8    526.7    + 5.3
   Germany ..................      261.0    261.6    + 7.3
   Hong Kong ................     3465.7   3416.2    +12.0

   Australia ................      337.3    338.1    - 4.0
   World index ..............      528.0    528.3    - 1.4
   ---
                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

   ISSUE (COUNTRY)                      CLOSE     % CHG
                                                                                                       

                      WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Mitel (Canada)                         1.750     +88.2
 Owens-Corning Fiberglass (U.S.)       37.125     +40.1
 Aran Energy (Ireland)                  0.190     +26.7
 Sceptre Resources (Canada)             1.50      +25.0
 National Semiconductor (U.S.)          9.50      +24.6
 Cultor II Free (Finland)              45.0       +21.6
 Teikoku Sen-I (Japan)                705.0       +21.3
 Fujita Tourist (Japan)              2130.0       +19.7
 Radiotechnique (France)              554.0       +19.4
 Miba B. Vorzug (Austria)             601.0       +17.8
                                                                                                       

                       LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

 Laws Int'l (Hong Kong)                 0.580     -27.5
 Pacific Enterprises (U.S.)            18.375     -25.8
 Nissan Fire  Marine (Japan)        1970.0       -19.6
 Pohjola A. Free (Finland)            200.0       -16.7
 Elkem A. (Norway)                     53.0       -16.5
 Greycoat (England)                     0.530     -15.9
 Norske Bank A. (Norway)                8.0       -15.8
 Movenpick Namen (Swiss)              700.0       -15.7
 Ferranti Int'l (England)               0.055     -15.4
 Elkem A. Frie (Norway)                58.0       -15.3
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective