Plymouth's Auditors
   Withdraw Qualified
   Opinion on Condition
Although Plymouth posted losses for its fiscal fourth
quarter and year yesterday, Plymouth said the qualified
opinion was withdrawn because of improved operating results
for the year before special charges and because of the sale
of its rubber-band division, the latest of its divestitures.
   Plymouth posted a net loss of $997,000, or 63 cents a
share, after a pretax charge of $1,750,000 for warranty
claims for a discontinued product, for the 1991 fiscal fourth
quarter, compared with a net loss of $150,000, or nine cents
a share, after a pretax charge of $450,000 for warranty
claims, in the year-earlier period. Sales rose 4% to $11
million from $10.6 million.
   For the year, it had a loss of $2.2 million, or $1.37 a
share, after a pretax charge of $3 million for warranty
claims, compared with net income of $248,000, or 15 cents a
share, after a pretax charge of $750,000 for warranty claims.
Excluding the charges, operating earnings for the tapes and
films business, Plymouth's only remaining business, rose 54%
for the year to $989,000 from $643,000, Plymouth said. Sales
rose 2% to $40.1 million from $39.3 million a year earlier.
   A spokesman said business showed particular growth in the
second half of the year, benefiting from new products and
increased overseas customers.
   In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday,
Plymouth Class A shares rose 12.5 cents to $3.