What's News --
   Business and Finance
Bond prices fell on the Fed move, which raised investor
fears of increased inflation. The Treasury's long bond lost
3/4 of a point, and stock prices fell in sympathy, with the
Dow Jones industrials losing 21.24 to 3224.73. The dollar
closed higher.
   ---
   House Democrats are scrambling to solidify support to pass
a tax-cut plan, while Republicans predict the package will be
vetoed by Bush.
   ---
   Tele-Communications agreed to buy a 49.9% stake in Merrill
Lynch's Teleport, which operates phone and data networks.
Meanwhile, Cox Enterprises is mulling whether to use an
option to take control of Teleport.
   ---
   American Express named Jonathan Linen, chief executive of
its Shearson Lehman Brothers unit and the company's top
trouble-shooter, president and chief operating officer of its
charge-card subsidiary.
   ---
   Walt Disney declared a 4-for-1 split on its common. Wall
Street cheered the move as sign of management confidence, and
the entertainment company's stock rose $3.50 on the news to a
high of $146.50.
   ---
   IBM and Apple will announce soon that a controversial IBM
executive has been named to head the key part of their joint
venture. Separately, IBM unveiled new versions of its AS/400
line of minicomputers.
   ---
   Two Hoffmann-La Roche drugs were combined in tests that
produced highly promising results in skin and cervical
cancers that were resistant to surgery or radiation.
   ---
   More funds for the SBA were requested by Bush from
Congress to allow the agency to issue $1.1 billion in
additional loan guarantees this year.

   The SEC plans to propose soon rules to help small
businesses raise money in the capital markets.
   ---
   Federal Judge Milton Pollack was authorized to decide how
to distribute the $1.3 billion Michael Milken and others are
to pay to settle lawsuits.
   ---
   Phillips Petroleum plans to pare its world-wide work force
by about 1,100 workers, or nearly 5%, in a cost-cutting
effort that comes in the wake of the oil company's sharply
lower fourth-quarter results.
   ---
   Michael Foods is testing a process that cuts an egg's
cholesterol by about 80%. The company's stock jumped $2.625
to close at $18.
   ---
   Commercial real estate won't see a turnaround for at least
three years, said half of the industry respondents in a
survey. Last year, the prevailing view called for a recovery
sooner.
   ---
   France's Elf Aquitaine leaped ahead of other big Western
oil concerns to sign an exploration and production pact in
the former Soviet Union's Republic of Kazakhstan.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks fell in thin, futures-driven trading. The
Nikkei dropped 452.95, or 2.12%, to 20872.03.
   ---
   Saudi Arabia's biggest bank, National Commercial, has been
identified as a key participant in an effort to camouflage
the fraud at BCCI.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 234,280,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3224.73, off 21.24; transportation 1420.03, up 13.83;
utilities 206.00, off 1.81.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4145.36, off 31.12.
   Commodities: Oil $18.12 a barrel, off $1.34. Dow Jones
futures index 121.64, off 0.34; spot index 119.04, off 0.20.
   Dollar: 127.98 yen, up 0.08; 1.6435 marks, up 0.0175.