Kodak Reports
   4th-Period Loss
   Of $400 Million
   ----
   By Joan E. Rigdon
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Without the restructuring charge, fourth-quarter net would
have been $197 million, or 61 cents a share, well below
analysts' expectations of 70 cents to 92 cents a share.
   The biggest surprise came in Kodak's core imaging
business, where margins fell to 14.9% from 21.3%. A 12% to
15% decline in film sales in October and December "crushed
imaging margins" said Prudential Securities Inc. analyst B.
Alex Henderson.
   Revenue for the year reached a record $19.65 billion,
compared with $19.15 billion in 1990, but "fell short of
plan," said Chairman Kay R. Whitmore. Of the company's four
divisions -- imaging, information systems, chemicals and
health -- only health met sales targets, he said.
   "While manufacturing productivity continued to improve,"
Mr. Whitmore said, "it cost us more to move our products into
the hands of customers and more to move the yield from
research . . . into development."
   Because the long-awaited economic recovery won't be
"perceptible for at least six months" either here or in
Europe, Kodak will rein in research spending and some other
costs this year, Mr. Whitmore said. "For Kodak, 1992 will be
a year of emphasis on better use of our assets, a tight focus
on research, continued gains in manufacturing productivity
and general cost containment." But he expects advertising and
promotional costs will be "large" in order to stimulate
demand.
   In Kodak's imaging segment, hurt by a slowdown in the
travel industry -- with fewer tourists taking pictures --
profit fell 34% to $282 million. U.S. film and other imaging
sales fell 11% to $836 million from a year earlier, while
overseas sales edged down 1% to $1.06 billion.
   The company's information systems unit continued to post
lackluster results, reflecting soft U.S. sales.
Fourth-quarter U.S. sales slipped to $682 million from $684
million a year earlier. Overseas sales fell 5% to $439
million. The segment's loss widened to $65 million from $61
million a year earlier.
   In chemicals, U.S. sales increased 4% to $625 million,
while overseas sales dropped to $287 million from $307
million. Profit was down 17% to $111 million.
   The health division posted the biggest revenue gains, with
fourth-quarter U.S. sales up 9% to $713 million and overseas
sales up 1% to $517 million. But profit in the segment was
down 11% to $151 million before the restructuring charge.
Overseas, the segment benefited from sales at Sterling
Winthrop, Kodak's joint venture with Sanofi S.A.