Letters to the Editor:
   We're Losing War
   On Breast Cancer
Every surgeon should offer a woman who is at high risk the
option of prophylactic mastectomy without bias either total
or subcutaneously, because it works. Our review of 1,500
patients followed for over nine years revealed that only 0.5%
(six patients) acquired cancer after prophylactic mastectomy.
These figures correspond to a similar study by the Mayo
Clinic.
   We have watched and waited for breast cancer to develop in
high-risk women and the above grim statistics are the result.
Isn't it time that we change course?
   Vincent R. Pennisi, M.D.
   Director (Retired)
   Subcutaneous Mastectomy Data Evaluation Center
   St. Francis Memorial Hospital
   San Francisco
   ---
   You left the erroneous impression that gains have been
made in the treatment and prevention of breast cancer.
   Last month, the General Accounting Office issued a report
on the progress made in the 20-year "war" on breast cancer.
GAO director for planning and reporting, Richard L. Linster,
testified at the Dec. 11 hearing chaired by Rep. Ted Weiss
(D., N.Y.) that no progress has been made in the prevention
of breast cancer. While the incidence rates have been
increasing dramatically (much of it associated with the
increasing acceptance of mammography screening), the rate of
women dying from breast cancer in the U.S. has not changed
substantially in 40 years. Two of the other witnesses at the
hearing questioned the National Cancer Institute's emphasis
on treatment and after-the-fact discovery of early cancer,
suggesting the agency turn more of its attention to
prevention.
   Women who opt for "prophylactic" mastectomies usually do
so on the basis of risk factors. Mr. Linster reported that
all the known risk factors can explain only 20% to 30% of
breast-cancer cases.
   Maryann Napoli
   Associate Director
   Center for Medical Consumers New York