Who's News:
   Morgan Stanley,
   Partners Launch
   Closed-End Fund
   ----
   By Laurie P. Cohen
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The five-year, closed-end fund, which began operating Jan.
31, is being managed by John Powell, founder of the T. Rowe
Price Science  Technology Fund, and Roger McNamee, who
managed that fund from September 1988 until last year.
   The T. Rowe Price fund was the top performer in its group
and ranked in the top 3% of all mutual funds since Septmber
1987. While Mr. McNamee ran it, the T. Rowe Price fund had a
total return of 99.9%, better than any other technology fund
since 1988 tracked by Lipper Analytical Services.
   Integral is further evidence of the continuing rush by
investors to buy technology and healthcare stocks. More than
half of Integral's money came from well-heeled individuals,
many of whom have founded or run technology and healthcare
companies. Each was required to invest a minimum of $1
million to participate.
   Morgan Stanley and some of its managing directors are
partners in Integral. And Morgan Stanley will get part of its
compensation for raising the fund from the partnership's
profits.
   Integral will invest in closely held companies and in
publicly traded stocks. With Kleiner Perkins as a substantial
investor, the fund will have access to the companies in which
the venture-capital firm has invested. It also may invest in
companies whose stock Morgan Stanley underwrites.
   The fund is primarily invested at the moment in technology
stocks. "Right now, we're underweighted in healthcare because
those stocks are extraordinarily expensive," Mr. McNamee
said.