PEOPLE PATTERNS
   ----
   By Diane Crispell of American Demographics magazine
IMMIGRANTS are making more of a difference in the growth
and composition of the U.S. population.
   The share of Americans who are foreign-born may rise to
14.2% in 2040 from 8.6% in 1990 and 4.7% in 1970, according
to Barry Edmonston and Jeffrey Passel of the nonprofit Urban
Institute in Washington, D.C. They forecast the total
population to grow to 356 million from 249 million in 1990.
   Since the baby boom ended in 1964, birth rates have
fallen, and immigration has accounted for a rising share of
population growth. Because more than 80% of immigration to
the U.S. is now from Latin America and Asia, racial and
ethnic diversity also is on the rise.
   The Urban Institute projects that the number of
Asian-Americans may jump fivefold to 35 million by 2040 from
seven million in 1990. Half of that future total may be
foreign-born, down from two-thirds of Asian-Americans in
1990.
   Hispanics may nearly triple in number to 64 million,
surpassing blacks as the nation's largest minority sometime
in the first decade of the 21st century. About one-third of
Hispanics may be foreign-born in 2040, down slightly from 41%
in 1990.
   The number of blacks in the U.S. could rise to 44 million
in 2040 from 30 million in 1990. Only 9% are projected to be
foreign-born, but that would be an increase from 5% in 1990.
   The number of American Indians is expected to stay about
the same over the next five decades, at two million. By
definition, none will be foreign-born.
   Non-Hispanic whites will continue to make up the majority
of the U.S. population, but may grow only to 211 million in
2040 from 187 million in 1990. With immigration from Europe
representing a shrinking share of total immigration, the
proportion of non-Hispanic whites who are foreign-born will
grow just slightly, to 4% from 3%.
                                                                                                       

   Proportion of Women
   In Work Force Drops
                                                                                                       

   WOMEN'S participation rate in the labor force declined in
1991, ending three decades of steady increases.
   The proportion of women age 16 or older in the work force
eased to 57.3% last year from the record rate of 57.5% in
1990, the Bureau of Labor Statistics says. The figure had
climbed for 30 years, from 38% in 1961 to 43% in 1971 and 52%
in 1981.
   The work-force participation rates for women in all
25-and-over age groups were stable or edged up last year. But
a decline in the rate for women 16 to 24 years old was enough
to cause a drop in the overall figure. The under-25 rate,
which peaked in 1987 at 65%, eased one percentage point last
year to 62%.
   In contrast, men's work-force rates have been easing since
at least the mid-1950s. In 1991, work-force rates for men of
all ages dropped to 75.5% from 76.1% in 1990.
   The latest declines for both men and young women can
probably be attributed to the recession. The work force
includes unemployed people seeking work, but it doesn't
include discouraged workers -- those who have given up
looking for a job. This group presumably grows when jobs are
hard to find. Though women's work-force participation rates
rose during recessions in the 1970s and 1980s, the years of
uninterrupted growth may have given way to more cyclical
patterns similar to those for men.
                                                                                                       

   Young and Hispanics
   Have Most Mobility
                                                                                                       

   AMERICANS are on the move, but the mobility rate
   isn't.
   From March 1989 to March 1990, 18% of Americans moved to a
different home, the Census Bureau reports. That was about the
same as throughout the 1980s, though it represented a decline
from the 1950s and 1960s, when 20% or more moved every year.
   Mobility rates vary by age and ethnicity. People in their
20s are most likely to move, according to the Census Bureau.
The mobility rate in the 1989-90 period was 36% for people
ages 20 to 24, and 32% for 25-to 29-year-olds.
   The rate fell with age, to 20% for those in their 30s, 12%
for those in their 40s, 8% for those in their 50s and 6% for
those 60 or older.
   Twenty-five percent of Hispanics moved in the latest
period, compared with 20% of blacks and 17% of whites. That's
in part because a higher-than-average proportion of Hispanics
are in the highly mobile 20-to-29 age group.
   Moreover, Hispanics in their 30s and 40s have slightly
above-average moving rates, at 24% and 16%, respectively.
Because these are the ages when many people are raising
children, the mobility rate for Hispanics under age 20 is
also higher than average, 24% vs. 18%.
                                                                                                       

   Odds and Ends
                                                                                                       

   MIDLAND, Texas, is the most researched city in the U.S.,
according to Survey Sampling, Fairfield, Conn., which studied
phone lists purchased by its clients for research in the past
12 months. The firm found that Midland residents received a
larger number of calls per capita than any other metropolitan
area, followed by Portland, Maine, and Boulder, Colo. . . .
Almost two-thirds of Americans shop at a convenience store at
least once a week, a Maritz Marketing Research poll shows.
The survey also found that more men than women are regular
convenience-store customers, 71% vs. 56%. And the young are
more avid customers than their elders: 81% of the 18-to-24
age group hits such shops at least weekly, and the rate
declines steadily with age.