Business Brief:
   Champion International, Union Camp
   Post Steep Drops in 4th-Quarter Profits
Still, the results for both companies sent their shares
down yesterday. Champion shares closed down $1 to $25.375 a
share and Union Camp closed down $2 to $51 a share, in New
York Stock Exchange composite trading.
   Champion of Stamford, Conn., reported that earnings fell
61% to $10.5 million, or four cents a share, from $26.9
million, or 22 cents a share, in the 1990 quarter. The recent
quarter included a gain of 16 cents a share on the sale of
some timberlands and other nonrecurring items. Sales were
down 3% to $1.21 billion from $1.25 billion. Newsprint,
printing and writing grades were weak, and the poor
construction market hurt the company's wood products segment.
   Union Camp, based in Wayne, N.J., said earnings fell 62%
in the quarter to $20 million, or 29 cents a share, from
$52.2 million, or 77 cents a share, a year earlier. Sales
rose 4% to $745.7 million from $715.4 million. Prices for
paper products, while above third-quarter levels, were still
well below fourth-quarter 1990 prices, Union Camp said. But
it said it expected its linerboard and packaging businesses
to sustain their momentum during the first half of 1992.
   During the recent quarter, Union Camp refinanced $100
million of debt at lower rates, which reduced earnings about
five cents a share. That will be more than offset by savings
in future periods, it added. Also, interest expense rose to
$33.5 million from $10.7 million because of the loss of
capitalized interest on spending programs.