Business Briefs
Mesaba Aviation Inc., a unit of AirTran Corp., said its
January traffic rose 5.6% to 15 million revenue passenger
miles from 14.2 million miles a year earlier. The carrier's
load factor, the percentage of available seats occupied, fell
to 43% from 44.8%.
   ---
   Westinghouse Electric Corp.'s electronic systems unit and
TCOM L.P., Columbia, Md., received a $100 million contract
from the U.S. Customs Service to make drug interdiction and
surveillance equipment.
   ---
   Omnicare Inc., a long-term health-care concern, agreed to
acquire Pharmacare Inc. and Pharmacare I.V. Services Inc.,
both of Louisville, Ky. Terms weren't disclosed.
   ---
   USX Corp. said its Marathon Oil KRA2X well, in the Natuna
Sea near Indonesia, produced 4,000 barrels a day of 45 degree
API gravity oil.
   ---
   Heritage Media Corp. agreed to acquire three radio
stations in Cincinnati and in Kansas City, Mo., from Hoker
Broadcasting Inc., Dallas, upon Federal Communications
Commission approval.
   ---
   Philadelphia Electric Co. plans to spend more than $25
million to reduce power interruptions and shortage duration
in its Delaware County division.
   ---
   Sbarro Inc., an operator of 531 Italian restaurants, said
it plans to add about 25 outlets to its system during the
first quarter.
   ---
   Air Products  Chemicals Inc., a supplier of industrial
gases and specialty chemicals, said it will expand its
merchant industrial gas facility at LaSalle, Ill., by 50%.
   ---
   CSX Corp.'s rail unit exercised an option to acquire 50
wide-cab locomotives from GE Transportation Systems for
delivery this year.