Year-End Review of Markets and Finance:
   Bullion-Coin Bears
   Come From Behind
   To Better the Bulls
   ----
   By Anita Raghavan
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
"What really set the stage for a disastrous year was the
failure of gold and its sister metals to perform in the face
of the Gulf War," says Bruce L. Kaplan, president of Kaplan &
Co. in Santa Monica, Calif.
   David Ganz, a New York lawyer specializing in numismatics
and vice president of the American Numismatics Association,
says 1991 should have been "the best year that gold ever had
with the Mideast war and the Russian coup." But, "as happens
in politics, and is now happening in the bullion coin and
rare coin market, the traditional rules don't work."
   Adds Alan Posnick, senior vice president at MTB Banking
Corp.: "At the moment, gold coins are not an investment
simply because of their short-term performance."
   One reason gold failed to rally was because inflation has
been under control. "Inflationary trends have slowed down to
a level where people feel quite comfortable investing in
stocks, bonds and currencies," says Luis Vigdor, president of
Powell Associates, a New York precious metals marketing
organization.
   The U.S. Mint said sales of its American Eagle gold coin
were down almost 50% to 216,500 ounces in the first 11 months
of 1991, from 424,500 ounces in the 1990 period. "The decline
in sales of gold coins is happening around the world and is
not unique to the American Eagle gold coin," says a
spokeswoman at the U.S. Mint.
   Among the worst-hit silver coins in 1991, says Mr. Vigdor
of Powell Associates, were the Mexico Libertad, the Canadian
Maple Leaf and the Australian Kookaburra, all of which saw
sales decline. But the American Eagle silver coin sales
through November rose slightly to 5,833,000 ounces from
5,831,000 ounces.