New Securities Issues
first mortgage bonds priced through underwriters led by
Salomon Brothers Inc. The first part consists of $150 million
of bonds, due Feb. 1, 1997, priced at par to yield 7%. The
noncallable bonds were priced at a spread of 60 basis points
above the Treasury's five-year note. The second part consists
of $200 million of bonds, due Feb. 1, 2022, priced as 8 5/8%
at 99.05 to yield 8.714%. The bonds, which are noncallable
for 10 years, were priced at a spread of 95 basis points
above the Treasury's 30-year bond. Rated single-A-3 by
Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-minus by Standard
 Poor's Corp.
   Heller Financial Corp. -- $100 million of senior
amortizing notes, due Feb. 15, 1997, priced at par to yield
6.45%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 1.18
points above the average yields on the Treasury's two-year
and three-year note when issued. Because the notes are
amortizing securities, they have a weighted average life of 2
1/2 years. Rated single-A-2 by Moody's and single-A-plus by
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Merrill Lynch  Co.
   Mark IV Industries Inc. -- $100 million of convertible
subordinated debentures, due 2007, was priced to yield 6 1/4%
by underwriters led by Bear, Stearns  Co. The issue,
noncallable for three years, is rated single-B-1 by Moody's
and single-B by SP. It is convertible into common at $24.95
a share, representing a premium of 21% over yesterday's
closing price.
   American Express Credit Corp. -- $200 million of notes,
due Feb. 1, 1999, was priced as 7 3/8% at 99.50 to yield
7.468%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of 71
basis points over the Treasury's seven-year note. Rated
double-A3 by Moody's and double-A-minus by SP, the issue
will be sold through underwriters led by Lehman Brothers Inc.
American Express Credit is a unit of American Express Co.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   Illinois -- $500 million of general obligation
certificates, due May 1, 1992, and Oct. 1, 1992, won by
Lehman Brothers Inc., priced as 3 3/4% to yield 2 3/4%. Rated
MIG-1 by Moody's and SP1-plus by SP.
   Metropolitan Seattle -- $90 million Series U sewer revenue
bonds won by a Prudential Securities Inc. group with a bid
setting the net interest cost at 6.643%. The bonds, priced to
yield from 4.60% in 1995 to 6.635% in 2032, are insured by
Financial Guaranty Insurance Co. and carry triple-A ratings
from Moody's and SP.
                                                                                                       

                         AGENCIES
                                                                                                       

   Student Loan Marketing Association -- $400 million of
notes, due Feb. 14, 1997, priced to float weekly at a spread
of 42.5 basis points above the Treasury's three-month bill.
The notes pay interest quarterly. The first interest payment
will be May 14. The issue will be sold through underwriters
led by Goldman, Sachs  Co.
   Student Loan Marketing Association -- $150 million of
notes, due Feb. 13, 1995, priced at par to yield 5.70%. The
notes, which are noncallable until Aug. 13, 1992, were priced
at a spread of 23 basis points above the Treasury's threeyear
note when issued. The issue will be sold through underwriters
at Merrill Lynch.
                                                                                                       

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Dura Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- An initial public offering of
2.5 million common shares priced at $10 a share through
underwriters led by Oppenheimer  Co. Inc.
   Countrywide Credit Industries Inc. -- An issue of 3.3
million common shares priced at $43.25 a share through
underwriters led by Merrill Lynch. The size of the issue was
increased from three million shares.
   Wabash National Corp. -- An issue of two million common
shares priced at $23.875 a share through underwriters led by
Alex. Brown  Sons Inc. The size of the issue was increased
from 1.5 million shares.
   Integon Corp. -- An initial public offering of 6.5 million
common shares priced at $15.25 a share through underwriters
led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham  Co.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   BankAmerica Corp. (U.S.) -- $200 million of floating-rate
notes due February 1997 at initial fixed offer price of 99.45
via Kidder Peabody International. The notes pay a margin of
37.5 basis points above the three-month London interbank
offered rate for dollars, giving a margin at the fixed
initial offer price of 50 basis points above Libor. Fees 3/8.
   Bank of Tokyo Curacao Holding N.V. (Japanese parent) --
$100 million of callable Eurobonds due March 13, 2002, at an
issue price of 100.10 via Bank of Tokyo Capital Markets. The
coupon has been set at 60 basis points over six-month Libor
for the first three years, then at 9.15% per annum. Callable
from March 12, 1995. Fees 0.15.
   Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG (Austria) -- 50 million
European currency units of 9% Eurobonds maturing Feb 4, 1994,
at issue price 101.225 via Paribas Capital Markets Ltd. The
bonds will trade interchangeably with an existing 150 million
ECU issue with identical terms. Fees 1 1/8.
   Daiwa Danchi Co. (Japan) -- 150 million marks of bonds
with equity-purchase warrants, a 4 1/2% coupon due Feb. 20,
1996, at par via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale. Fees 2
1/4.
   Eidensha Co. (Japan) -- 60 million marks of bonds with
equity-purchase warrants, a 4 1/2% coupon due Feb. 20, 1996,
at par via Nomura Bank (Deutschland) G.m.b.H. Fees 2 1/4.
   Kimisawa Co. (Japan) -- 50 million marks of bonds with
equity-purchase warrants, a 4 1/2% coupon due March 5, 1996,
at par via Daiwa Europe (Deutschland) G.m.b.H. Fees 2 1/4.
   BP America Inc. (U.K. parent) -- 150 million Swiss francs
of 6 3/4% privately placed notes due March 6, 2002, priced at
102 via Swiss Bank Corp. Guaranteed by British Petroleum PLC.
Fees 2 1/8.