Growing Disparity
   In Income Verified
   By Census Analysis
   ----
   By David Wessel
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
In 1989, the Census Bureau says, 14.7% of all persons were
at the top of the income ladder, compared with 11.9% in 1979.
Some 22.1% were at the bottom in 1989, compared with 20% in
1979. Meanwhile, the portion of the population in the middle
fell to 63.3% in 1989 from 68% a decade earlier.
   The changes in income distribution during the 1980s
continued a trend set in the 1970s. "From 1969 to 1989, the
distribution of income was marked by an increase in overall
inequality," the bureau said in a new report, "Trends in
Relative Income, 1964 to 1989." That reverses a trend towards
equality between 1964 and 1969.
   The new report also highlights how harshly the economy has
treated children in recent years. In 1989, 29.1% of all
children under age 18 were in the lower-income category. In
contrast, only 19.4% were in that category 20 years earlier.
   The report introduces a new concept called "relative
income." After adjusting for family size, the measure
compares people's income with the median income for the whole
population. People with less than half the median income are
considered to have "low" income. Those with more than twice
the median are considered to have "high" income. Everyone
else is in the middle.
   In 1989, the median income for families of four was
$37,152, so families with income below $18,576 were
classified as "low" income, and ones with income above
$74,304 were in the "high" income category.
   "The measure is well-suited for studying the extent of
income inequality and changes over time in inequality," the
Census Bureau said.
   The new report uses only cash income, including government
cash benefits, before taxes. It excludes government-provided
health insurance and other non-cash benefits.