Sterling Optical
   Files for Protection
   Under Chapter 11
   ----
   By James C. Hyatt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
As of October, the company operated 215 stores in 20
states, the District of Columbia and Canada; 108 were
franchised or licensed. A year ago, it had 242 stores.
   Sterling said it had agreed to sell its owned and
franchised optical stores to an affiliate of American Vision
Centers Inc., a closely held New York company.
   Seth Poppel, president and chief operating officer of
American Vision Centers, said the agreement called for his
company to buy all the stores that are open when the
transaction is completed, expected in 30 to 45 days, and
subject to court approval. He said Sterling will close
unprofitable stores, and added that American Vision, which
has 56 stores, mostly in New York and Illinois, expects to
purchase about 135 stores with annual sales of about $75
million. American Vision has annual sales of about $30
million, he said.
   The eyewear industry "is enormously attractive," said Mr.
Poppel, although he conceded "there are probably more stores
out there now that are needed -- you're now seeing a
consolidation. Sterling has major strength in New York and
Maryland, and it is a really good fit with our company."
   In a news release, Sterling Optical's chief executive
officer, Robert Low, said American Vision had "agreed to
certain financing to enable Sterling to continue to operate
until consummation of the proposed transaction." Mr. Low's
family holds about a 60% interest in Sterling.
   The company also said that William Hassett and George
Casabona resigned as directors and that Mr. Casabona, who had
recently been on medical leave, also resigned as chief
financial officer.
   The company, based in Hackensack, N.J., filed under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in federal court in
Manhattan. Its petition listed $27.9 million in secured debt
and $27.8 million in unsecured debt. The secured debt
includes $13 million in 11.25% debentures and an $11 million
mortgage on a building in New Jersey. Sterling reported $45.7
million in assets, and $55.7 million in liabilities.
   In the first quarter ended Sept. 30, Sterling had a net
loss of $854,000 or 17 cents a share, on $13.7 million in
sales, compared with year-earlier net income of $533,000, or
12 cents a share, on $22.8 million in sales. Including sales
of franchisees, sales fell almost 24% to $26.5 million. In
the year ended June 30, Sterling had a loss of $37.7 million,
or $7.42 a share, on $28.6 million in sales.
   Sterling shares, which didn't trade Tuesday on the New
York Stock Exchange, last traded at 62 cents; in 1991, the
shares traded as high as $4.75 a share but have traded below
$1 in recent months.