Norsk Hydro Swings
   To Net Loss in 1991
   From a 1990 Profit
Norsk Hydro blamed the net loss partly on a 2.9 billion
krone restructuring charge related to its light metals and
agriculture units. In addition to the restructuring charge,
the company cited a slew of other factors for the loss.
   "It has clearly been a difficult year for most companies
in Norsk Hydro's businesses," said Egil Myklebust, group
president and chief executive officer. "Our results reflect
the weak demand and low prices caused by the prolonged
international slowdown as well as the special restructuring
charges."
   Low prices for Norsk Hydro's products affected the group
across the board and, consequently, all business areas posted
weaker profits.
   The group's agriculture unit incurred an operating loss of
649 million kroner. The unit's sales inched slightly higher
to 26.37 billion kroner from 26.10 billion kroner. The group
said the slump in fertilizer demand in the 1990 and 1991
seasons was compounded by increased imports from Eastern
Europe, which it said led to overcapacity and a decline in
prices.
   The group also attributed a 25% plunge in operating profit
at its oil and gas division -- to 2.49 billion kroner -- to a
weak price trend.
   The company didn't offer a forecast for its performance in
the current year, but singled out a few positive factors,
including strong reserves in its oil and gas division. It
also expects a sharp reduction in operating expenses, which
rose to 52.46 billion kroner in 1991, in the years ahead.