Economy:
   Factory Orders
   Climbed 0.6%
   In November
   ---
   Economists Say Data Show
   Manufacturing Sector
   Will Begin Stabilizing
   ----
   By David Wessel
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"While the rate of increase in orders is relatively
unimpressive, these figures are consistent with continued
slow expansion rather than a double dip {recession}," said
Gordon Richards, economist for the National Association of
Manufacturers. The Commerce Department surveys many more
companies, but the purchasing managers' report is more
up-to-date.
   While factory orders are a sign of things to come, most
economists still expect the Labor Department to report Friday
that factories cut their payrolls further in December. The
Federal Reserve's broad measure of industrial production
peaked in September and has slid since.
   The government scaled back its earlier estimate that
orders for durable goods, those intended to last at least
three years, were up 1.2% in November. It now says those
orders rose only 1%. Orders for nondurable goods were up
0.3%.
   Manufacturers continued to pare inventories in November,
reducing them to the equivalent of 1.53 months' shipments,
the lowest level since May 1979. Low inventories usually are
seen by economists as a sign that production is about to
increase, but that isn't the current view. "Despite a low
inventory-to-shipments ratio, manufacturers appear to be
cutting rather than rebuilding inventories," said economist
Edward Yardeni of C.J. Lawrence Inc.
   Factory shipments rose 0.5% to $246.38 billion in
November. The Commerce Department also said that
manufacturers' backlog of unfilled orders fell 0.5% to
$512.95 billion, the lowest level in two years. The figures
are adjusted for normal seasonal variations, but not for
inflation.
   In a separate report, the Labor Department said output per
hour worked in nonfinancial corporations improved at a 1.7%
annual rate in the third quarter after increasing at a 2.9%
pace in the second quarter.
   The department substantially revised earlier productivity
estimates. It now says that productivity in nonfarm
businesses rose at a 0.9% annual rate in the third quarter, a
1.9% pace in the second quarter and 0.1% clip in the first,
after declining in the last two quarters of 1990. Among
manufacturers, productivity grew at a 3.8% rate in the third
quarter and a 3.7% rate in the second, after falling in the
first quarter of 1991 and the last quarter of 1990.
   ---
                      FACTORY ORDERS
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Commerce Department's latest figures for
manufacturers in billions of dollars, seasonally adjusted.
                                                                                                       

                                 Nov.    Oct.
                                 1991    1991     %Chg.
                                                                                                       

 All industries                  243.74  242.23  + 0.6
   Durable goods                 124.53  123.33  + 1.0
   Nondurable goods              119.22  118.91  + 0.3
                                                                                                       

 Capital goods industries         35.15   31.10  +13.0
   Nondefense                     25.83   25.60  + 0.9
   Defense                         4.95    8.31  -40.4
                                                                                                       

 Total shipments                 246.38  245.13  + 0.5
                                                                                                       

 Inventories                     377.98  378.06    0.0
                                                                                                       

 Backlog of orders               512.95  515.59  - 0.5