KLM Unveils Cuts
   In Summer Fares
   To U.S., Canada
   ----
   By Brett Pulley
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
"Any time an airline lowers its fares to the U.S. in a
heavy travel season like the summer is very good for the U.S.
economy," said Philip Davidoff, president of the American
Society of Travel Agents.
   The KLM fare cuts, which apply only to westbound travelers
entering North America, is likely to be just the beginning.
Industry experts predict deeper trans-Atlantic fare
reductions. "You're going to see much lower," predicted Tom
Nulty, of Associated Travel, a Santa Ana, Calif., travel
agency. "KLM is just trying to get things stimulated."
   KLM's new fares will be offered on a two-tier scale, with
the lowest rates applying from April 1 to June 14, and from
Sept. 15 through Oct. 14. During the middle period -- the
peak June 15 to Sept. 15 season -- slightly higher discounted
fares will apply. During that period, the fare from Amsterdam
to New York will be 1,392 guilders ($772) round trip.
Previously, that fare was 1,845 to 2,246 guilders, KLM said.
From Amsterdam to Los Angeles, the fare will be 1,692
guilders, compared with a previous fare for the period of
2,599 guilders.
   The fares apply to tickets purchased before May 31. The
minimum stay is 14 days and the maximum is one month, KLM
said.
   Fares from the U.S. to Amsterdam are already much lower
than the new fares being offered to European vacationers. For
example, the current round-trip excursion fare from Los
Angeles to Amsterdam is $598. For travelers from New York to
Amsterdam, the current fare is $478.
   "KLM is trying to say that the U.S. is going to become
more of a bargain for the summer vacationers from Europe,"
said Mr. Nulty.
   It's unclear how rival airlines will react to KLM's
summertime fare reductions. UAL Corp.'s United Airlines and
AMR Corp.'s American Airlines said they are waiting to see if
the fare cuts begin to apply to other cities besides
Amsterdam.