U.S. Is Checking
   Ernst & Young
   In S&L Failures
   ----
   By Paulette Thomas
   Staff Reporter of the Wall Street Journal
"The purpose of the investigation is to determine whether
Ernst & Young has participated in the violation of OTS rules
and regulations in connection with services it provided to
the 23 institutions designated in the subpoena," said the
agency's filing in federal court here.
   In June, Ernst & Young filed a motion with the thrift
office to quash the subpoena, which was denied. Since then,
the firm has provided no documents, the thrift office said,
and this week's court action sought to enforce the subpoena.
If the investigation concludes that the firm violated the
rules, the OTS could file a civil suit against the firm.
   Ernst & Young said it plans to continue to fight the
subpoena. "We believe the subpoena is invalid for a number of
reasons, and we plan to file a response," a spokesman for
Ernst & Young said. Privately, at least one Ernst official
contended that the OTS lacks jurisdiction, and that the
issues involving the S&Ls were subject to a separate legal
settlement with the Resolution Trust Corp.
   Last year, Ernst & Young and the RTC agreed to settle an
RTC suit for roughly $41 million over Ernst & Young's role in
the failure of Lincoln Savings. The RTC disposes of failed
S&Ls and their assets, while the OTS regulates S&Ls.
   The Securities and Exchange Commission separately has
filed suit against several Ernst & Young partners, alleging
that they borrowed from Republicbank Corp., a former Texas
banking company, while an audit was under way.