Technology:
   Nintendo Reduces
   `Super' System's
   Price $20, or 10%
   ----
   By Patrick M. Reilly
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Some rivals and retailers, gathered here for the Winter
Consumer Electronics Show, said the move marked a surprising
and humbling retreat for Nintendo. The aggressive company
single-handedly rebuilt the once-dead video-game market by
limiting supply and holding its prices high. While it now
must impose the 10% price cut only four months after
introducing its Super system, which offers fancier graphics
and a more powerful computer chip, Nintendo never had to
resort to such discounting for its original product.
   But Nintendo has slipped since introducing the Super
system. Sega entered the market for the more powerful
generation of video-game machines more than two years ago.
Its Genesis system has captured about 61% of the
higher-priced market -- in part because it sharply
underprices Nintendo at just under $150. Nintendo has 29% of
the segment, although it remains the dominant player with 79%
of the entire video-game market overall.
   Sega said it doesn't plan to cut the prices of its 16-bit
Genesis system and its portable Genesis Game Gear model,
which also sells for $149.95. The Genesis and Nintendo's new
Super systems are known as 16-bit players because their
computer chips process data in chunks of 16 bits of
electronic instructions, affording better features and
higher-definition images. (Nintendo's old mainstay product
uses an 8-bit chip.)
   Nintendo has been forced to impose a price cut for its
older system, as well, apparently for the first time,
according to one company executive. The original Nintendo
Entertainment System will be relaunched at $89.95, down $10
from its current price, with improved game software in the
current quarter.