Business Brief:
   Canada's Bramalea Ltd. Plans to Sell
   Some Assets to Reduce Long-Term Debt
The expected proceeds should enable Bramalea to cut some
C$1 billion from its long-term debt, which was C$4.7 billion
at its fiscal-year end of Oct. 31, said Frank Graham, chief
financial officer.
   Mr. Marshall said the aim of selling assets "is really
just arriving at a manageable size, focusing on the areas of
business we do best." He said the company will continue
operating in its three core businesses of shopping centers,
commercial properties and residential housing in Canada and
the U.S. He wouldn't specify which properties are for sale,
but said these include a number of smaller malls, as well as
equity stakes in some regional malls.
   "The company is being realistic in saying it has to
downsize," said Harry Rannala, real estate analyst at McLean
McCarthy Ltd. "But will it eventually be successful in
enhancing its financial position? The jury's still out on
that."
   Mr. Marshall said he expects the trimmed-down company will
be financially sound, with operating profit of around C$240
million a year. Last year, Bramalea had operating profit of
C$281 million.
   Debt-financing costs, however, helped drive down
Bramalea's cash flow last year by 60% to C$52.5 million. Mr.
Marshall said he expects a similar level of cash flow in the
current fiscal year.