Year-End Review of Bond Markets:
   Junk Bonds Set Sail
   For Modest Recovery
   ----
   By Michael Siconolfi
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
That's far higher than the puny total of 10 new junk
issues raising $1.39 billion in 1990, when the market was
paralyzed by the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group
Inc. Still, 1991's junk-bond volume pales in comparison with
the boom years of the mid-to-late 1980s, when more than $25
billion in new junk was issued annually, accounting for about
one-fifth of all securities underwriting.
   Last year's junk-bond issuance "wasn't a flash in the
pan," said Mark A. Seigel, managing director of the debt
syndicate at Morgan Stanley Group Inc. But the market "won't
return to the kind of volume of the late 1980s," he said. And
the junk market "will be a lot more fragile" than the past
decade, Mr. Seigel added.
   During the booming 1980s, debt-laden companies with highly
speculative credit ratings could borrow huge sums in a matter
of weeks. As much as $11 billion of new issues were sold in a
single quarter in 1987. In last year's market climate, by
contrast, only the top tier of the junk market showed signs
of life.
   Behind the mild revival was a craving by many investors
for higher yields as interest rates nosedived. Many investors
"don't have the desire to have large highyield portfolios,
but with nominal yields so low {on competing investments},
they were forced to," said Robert G. Scott, a managing
director and head of Morgan Stanley's debt and equities
group.
   Small investors jumped aboard the junk-bond bandwagon.
Investors poured $2.06 billion into junk-bond mutual funds in
1991 through November, compared with net withdrawals of $5.1
billion in all of 1990, according to the Investment Company
Institute.
   "The retail investor is what drove the returns in '91 --
no question," said Joseph Bencivenga, managing director and
head of high-yield research at Salomon Brothers Inc.
   They were richly rewarded. Junk bonds produced a total
return -- price change plus dividends -- of a whopping 34.58%
in 1991, according to a Merrill Lynch index of U.S. corporate
debt issues. By comparison, the 1990 return was a negative
4.35%. Last year's fat returns helped to boost the junk-bond
trading profits of many Wall Street firms throughout the
year.
   Returns for mutual-fund investors were even more
impressive. The total return of junk-bond mutual funds surged
35.05% through November, with a 12-month yield of 12%. That's
a powerful turnaround from the minus 11.08% in 1990, even
with the lofty 16.3% yields junk mutual funds offered in
1990.
   One reason for last year's fat returns is simply how low
the market had sunk in 1990. After Drexel collapsed in
February 1990, junk-bond prices went into a freefall,
exacerbated by massive redemptions by junk-bond mutual funds.
The redemptions forced junk-fund managers to dump junk bonds
on the market to meet withdrawal requests from fund
investors, sinking prices still further.
   In 1991, however, the return of small investors to junk
funds led managers to plow the cash into new issues, driving
up demand.
   The game in 1990 was identifying the trouble spots among
the junk pile. Now, however, "most of the trouble in the
market has been identified," one junk-bond trader said.
"There are very few {unrecognized trouble spots} left," he
asserted.
   That has been reflected in prices. In November 1990, 18%
of the junk-bond market was trading above par, or its
offering price; now, more than 60% of all junk issues are
trading above par, according to a Salomon Brothers study.
   Said Salomon's Mr. Bencivenga, "These things still have a
couple of points to go."
   Still, traders and investment bankers caution that
investors shouldn't expect returns anywhere near as heady
this year. Mr. Bencivenga, for his part, expects returns of
about 12% to 15% for junk bonds in 1992.
   The size of last year's two biggest junk-bond deals
underscored the market's recovery: a $1.5 billion offering of
RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp. and a $1 billion offering of
Owens-Illinois. RJR had tried to sell a similar $1 billion
note offering in January 1990, but was forced to withdraw the
issue because of investor resistance.
   Last year's RJR deal, which followed an aggressive
campaign to bolster equity and reduce its huge debt, opened
the door for further offerings, investment bankers said. In
the current climate, it will be only issues that have
strengthened their credit ratings that will be met with solid
investor interest in the junk market, specialists said. "If
you're an improving credit, the market works for you," said
Morgan Stanley's Mr. Scott.
   "The game in the 1980s was leverage," Salomon's Mr.
Bencivenga said. "The new game of the 1990s -- as long as
rates stay low and the stock market is stable -- is
deleveraging and refinancing. And that's not going to stop"
for a few years, Mr. Bencivenga asserted.
   Fees from underwriting new junk issues rebounded last year
to $174.2 million, or 4.2% of the market, from the paltry
$17.5 million, or a 0.4% market share, in 1990, Securities
Data said. But last year's fee total still falls far short of
the nearly $900 million averaged annually from 1986 to 1989.
   The most recent time junk-bond fees were so low, besides
in 1990, was in 1975, when they were $6.5 million, Securities
Data said. The average fee per junk-bond deal last year was
$4.2 million, or 1.8% of the proceeds, according to IDD
Information Services. That compares with the $1.83 million,
or 2.5%, in 1990, IDD says.
   But that's still lower than the 3% fee that junk-bond
powerhouse Drexel charged to underwrite bond issues, let
alone the 4% fee that some rivals such as Morgan Stanley
often charged on their junk underwritings during the boom
years.
   Merrill Lynch led the junk-bond rankings parade last year,
largely on the backs of the big RJR and Owens-Illinois
offerings. Merrill helped bring to market $3.89 billion in
junk bonds in 1991, for a 36.5% market share. Goldman, Sachs
& Co. and Morgan Stanley followed, with big volume jumps from
1990.
   Merrill's three biggest deals alone amounted to nearly $2
billion in proceeds -- 19% of the year's entire new-issue
junk market -- and about $48 million in underwriting fees,
which accounted for more than one-quarter of the market,
according to Securities Data. Morgan Stanley's three big
offerings -- of News America Holdings, Midland Cogeneration
Venture and Midland Funding Corp. II -- generated nearly $1
billion in proceeds and $22 million in underwriting fees.
   Salomon, meanwhile, lowered its junk-bond profile. In the
wake of its Treasury-auction bidding scandal, the Salomon
Inc. unit fell to No. 5 in 1991 from No. 2, with its market
share slipping to 5.8% from 21.4% in 1990, according to
Securities Data.
   ---
                  A New Era in Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   TOP TEN UNDERWRITERS OF JUNK BONDS IN 1991
                                                                                                       

                            AMOUNT       MARKET    NO. OF
   MANAGERS              (in millions)   SHARE %   ISSUES
                                                                                                       


   Goldman Sachs            2,429.8       22.8       22
   Morgan Stanley           1,194.1       11.2        6
   First Boston               634.1        5.9        5
   Salomon Brothers           622.2        5.8        4
   Donaldson Lufkin           598.5        5.6        3
   Lehman Brothers            346.9        3.3        2
   Bankers Trust              299.3        2.8        2
   Wasserstein Perella        200.0        1.9        1
   Citicorp                   175.0        1.6        1
                                                                                                       

   TOP 10                 $10,387.7       97.5%      55
                                                                                                       

   INDUSTRY TOTAL         $10,657.0      100.0%      60
                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co.
   ---
             Top Ten Junk Bond Issues in 1991
                                                                                                       

    PRINCIPAL        UNDERWRITING
     AMOUNT              FEE               LEAD
   (in millions)    (in millions)       UNDERWRITER
                                                                                                       

 RJR Nabisco Holdings Capital
   1,500.0            18.750           Merrill Lynch & Co.
                                                                                                       

 Owens-Illinois
   1,000.0            20.000           Merrill Lynch & Co.
                                                                                                       

 Rogers Cantel Mobile Commun.
     400.0             9.000           Merrill Lynch & Co.
                                                                                                       

 News America Holdings
     400.0            11.000           Morgan Stanley
                                                                                                       

 Midland Cogeneration Venture
     300.0             4.125           Morgan Stanley
                                                                                                       

 Safeway
     300.0             6.000           Goldman, Sachs
                                                                                                       

 Midlannd Funding Corp II
     267.2             6.680           Morgan Stanley
                                                                                                       

 Georgia-Pacific
     250.0             2.188           Goldman Sachs
                                                                                                       

 Georgia-Pacific
     250.0             2.188           Salomon Brothers
                                                                                                       

 Chiquita Brands International
     250.0             3.607           Lehman Brothers
                                                                                                       

 Ferrellgas
     250.0             3.545    Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
                                                                                                       

   Source: Securities Data Co.