Marketing  Media:
   Rules That Regulate
   Satellite-TV Systems
   Thrown Into Doubt
But the federal appeals court here ruled 3-0 that the FCC
must find some "rational basis" for distinguishing them from
systems serving buildings with different owners. Without such
a basis, the court said, the policy runs afoul of the Fifth
Amendment's guarantee of equal protection. Moreover, the
court, in an opinion written by Judge Harry Edwards, said "we
are unable to imagine any basis for the distinction."
   Local franchise authorities may award exclusive
franchises, preventing competition from systems that serve
only a portion of the community. In addition, they can impose
fees and regulate cable rates, but there are moves in
Congress to greatly expand their regulatory powers.
   The court said that if the agency decides there is no
"rational basis" for distinguishing between the two types of
systems, it would have to consider ending the exemption or
applying it to both kinds of systems.
   The case also raises questions about franchising
requirements for so-called wireless cable, which relies on
microwave transmission and receiving dishes.
   The FCC rule was challenged by four so-called satellite
master antenna television companies that receive satellite
signals over rooftop dishes and redistribute them over wires
to clusters of apartment buildings, condominiums or other
residential buildings.
   Chief Judge Abner Mikva, while agreeing in a concurring
opinion that the FCC had to reconsider the matter, disputed
the majority view that the distinction couldn't survive the
review.
   Robert Pettit, the FCC's general counsel, said the agency
is "still studying the decision and will decide shortly what
options it will pursue."