Economy:
   Producer Prices
   Inched Up 0.2%
   In February
   ---
   Food-Cost Increase Is Cited;
   `Core' Rate of Inflation
   Was at Four-Year Low
   ----
   By Jonathan Weil
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The increase in food prices -- due largely to a 26% rise
in fresh and dry vegetables prices and sizable increases in
beef and pork -- follows declines during eight of the nine
previous months.
   In January, producer prices fell 0.3%. If food and energy
are excluded to give what many economists view as the core
rate of inflation, the producer price index crept up 0.1% in
February, and rose only 2.4% from a year earlier, the lowest
core inflation rate since January 1988.
   "There is unlikely to be any wholesale price inflation
during the balance of the year," said Merrill Lynch economist
Bruce Steinberg. "At this point it's the best showing in four
years and things are likely to get a little bit better."
   "Apparently, producers are smelling a recovery in the
spring air and believe now is the time to make up for the
price decreases they've experienced during the past year,"
said Ron Schreibman, vice president of the National
Association of Wholesalers-Distributors.
   Energy prices declined 0.1% last month after plunging 2.8%
in January, as increases in gasoline and oil prices offset
drops in electricity prices. And construction-supply prices
were up after showing negligible changes in recent months.
   The Commerce Department announced separately that
inventories dropped 0.4% in January after a 0.3% increase in
December. That marks their first drop since August 1991 and,
economists say, strongly hints at a coming boost for
producers.
   The fall in inventories was accompanied by a 0.6% gain in
business sales in January, which got their biggest push from
a 2.1% increase in retail trade sales. That, combined with
the announcement earlier this month that retail sales rose
1.3% in February, has many economists projecting further
declines in inventories.
   The ratio of inventories to sales declined in January to
1.52 from 1.53 in December, meaning it will take businesses
an average of 1.52 months to run through stockpiles at the
current sales rate.
   "This tells us that if the increases in demand that we've
seen, such as in housing and retail sales, sustain themselves
into the spring, they should be met at that time with a good
production response," said Alan Levenson, financial economist
for WEFA Group in suburban Philadelphia, an economic
consulting concern.
   "That's important because production means jobs."
   All figures have been adjusted for typical seasonal
fluctuations.
   ---
                     PRODUCER PRICES
                                                                                                       

   Here are the Labor Department's producer price indexes
(1982=100) for February, before seasonal adjustment, and the
percentage changes from February 1991.
                                                                                                       

 Finished goods .............................. 121.9    0.4%
   Minus food  energy ....................... 133.3    2.4%
 Intermediate goods .......................... 113.6  - 1.6%
 Crude goods .................................  99.0  - 4.9
                                                                                                       

                                                                                                       

                   BUSINESS INVENTORIES
                                                                                                       

   Here is a summary of the Commerce Department's report on
business inventories and sales in January. The figures are in
billions of dollars, seasonally adjusted:
                                                                                                       

                                    (billions of dollars)
                                     Jan.     Dec.    Jan.
                                     1992     1991    1991
                                                                                                       


 Manufacturers ................... 374.40   375.70  338.38
 Retailers ....................... 243.11   244.77  243.55
 Wholesalers ..................... 195.83   196.22  198.40
 Total business sales ............ 536.08   532.64  526.95
 Inventory/sales ratio ...........   1.52     1.53    1.58
   ---
   Corrections  Amplifications
                                                                                                       

   INVENTORIES of manufacturers totaled a seasonally adjusted
$388.38 billion in January 1991, the Commerce Department
reported. In yesterday's edition the figure was incorrect.
   (WSJ March 17, 1992)