Credit Markets:
   Bonds Rally After Report Shows Confidence
   Of Consumers Fell to 17-Year Low This Month
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell and Kevin Donovan
   Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
The bond market, of course, thrives on such news. That's
because a weak economy often leads to lower inflation and
interest rates, trends that result in higher bond prices.
   Kevin Flanagan, a money market economist at Dean Witter
Reynolds Inc., said that institutional investors jumped into
the market immediately after the conference board report.
   "People started to wonder whether the {Federal Reserve}
will ease interest rates again," said Mr. Flanagan. The
buying was heaviest among longer-term securities.
   The bond market's bellwether security, the 30-year
Treasury bond, rose as much as 3/4 point yesterday, or $7.50
for a bond with a $1,000 face amount. However, the benchmark
bond gave up some of those gains later in the day and
finished about 1/4 point higher. The issue's yield, which
moves in the opposite direction of its price ended at 7.94%,
down from 7.97% Monday. The yield on the latest 10-year notes
fell even faster, ending at 7.43% from 7.48% Monday. The
price of the latest 10-year note rose 1/4 point.
   Bonds also were supported by comments by Federal Reserve
Board Chairman Alan Greenspan, who told the Senate Banking
Committee in the second round of his semi-annual report on
monetary policy that hints of an economic recovery could
prove fleeting.
   Mr. Greenspan said, among other things, that the current
level of monetary stimulus "may not be enough" to ensure a
sustainable recovery. But the Fed chairman also said he
expected to see evidence of economic improvement in weeks,
not months.
   Despite yesterday's positive showing in the bond market,
some traders warned investors to remain cautious. They note
that sentiment remains decidedly negative among bond dealers
and brokers, who've been badly battered in the past six weeks
due to the market's steady deterioration.
   George Kegler, a senior vice president and trader at A.
Webster Dougherty Co., said that traders are particularly
nervous about today's durable goods report. The consensus
estimate of economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets
Report expects durable goods orders to have risen 0.6% in
January after plunging 5.2% in December.
   Mr. Kegler said that bond prices could decline if the
durable goods report shows a sharper-than-expected advance in
new orders, as many traders expect.
   "Traders are wary of jumping into the market in front of
what could be a larger than expected snap back in the durable
goods number," said Mr. Kegler. "That would put a stop to any
fixed-income rally," he said.
   Mr. Kegler said that much of the buying yesterday was by
retail investors who were moving a portion of their portfolio
out of stocks and into bonds. Many of these investors have
been attracted by the relatively high yields on the bonds.
The yield on the 30-year Treasury bond, for example, has
risen from a low of 7.39% in early January to ended at 7.94%
yesterday. Many dealers believe that if the yield reaches or
exceeds 8%, that a flood of money will flee stocks and pour
into the bond market.
                                                                                                       

   Treasury Securities
                                                                                                       

   The Treasury's auction of two-year notes got a lukewarm
response from investors yesterday, raising concerns that
today's sale of five-year notes may also be a disappointment.
   The Treasury sold a record $14.31 billion of two-year
notes at an average yield of 5.40%. That was up sharply from
the average yield of 4.99% at the previous two-year note
auction Jan. 22 and was the highest average yield at a
two-year note auction since 5.51% on Nov. 25, 1991.
   Noncompetitive bids, which come mainly from individuals
and smaller institutions, totaled $988 million. That's down
from $1.14 billion at the previous last two-year sale in
January. The "bid-to-cover" ratio, which measures the number
of bids the Treasury receives for each one it accepts,
2.56-to-1. That was down from 3.10-to-1 in January.
   "There's not an overwhelming amount of interest in," the
new two-year notes, says James Kenney, trading manager at
Prudential Securities Inc. He said that dealers on Wall
Street ended up holding a "good portion" of the securities
due to lack of demand among investors.
   Indeed, while the yield on most securities declined
yesterday, the yield on the newly auctioned two-year notes
rose, a sign that dealers were cutting prices in an effort to
attract buyers. The yield on the two-year notes was quoted in
when-issued trading at 5.44%, up from the auction average of
5.40%.
   In other trading, the benchmark 30-year bond ended at 100
16/32 to yield 7.94% compared with 100 7/32 to yield 7.97% on
Monday. The latest 10-year Treasury note ended at 100 8/32 to
yield 7.44% compared with 100, or par, to yield 7.48%.
                                                                                                       

   Rates are determined by the difference between the
purchase price and face value. Thus, higher bidding narrows
the investor's return while lower bidding widens it.
                                                                                                       

                                            Two-Year Notes
                                                                                                       

 Applications                              $36,688,415,000
 Accepted bids                             $14,305,235,000
 Accepted at low price                                 41%
 Accepted noncompetitively                    $988,000,000
 Average price (Rate)                       99.953 (5.40%)
 High price (Rate)                          99.972 (5.39%)
 Low price (Rate)                           99.935 (5.41%)
 Interest rate                                      5 3/8%
 CUSIP number                                    912827E40
                                                                                                       

   The notes are dated March 2, 1992, and mature Feb. 28,
1994.
                                                                                                       

   Municipal Securities
                                                                                                       

   Investors gave a mixed reception to more than $3.1 billion
of municipal debt priced yesterday.
   In the day's largest issue, buyers were slow to pick up
California's hefty $2 billion of revenue anticipation notes,
forcing underwriters led by Lehman Brothers to reprice the
deal to raise the yield on the four-month notes by 0.05
percentage point to 2.65%. The offering represents the latest
in a string of poorly received note and bond offerings by
California, whose treasurer negotiates aggressively with
underwriters for low yields.
   However, investors apparently aren't impressed with the
issue. Among other things, investors cited the June 30
maturity date of the California RANs -- a time when billions
of short-term munis typically mature, leaving investors
scrambling to reinvest in a limited supply of issues -- as
one reason for avoiding the deal, a Lehman official said.
Although California's long-term general obligation bonds
recently lost their gilt-edged triple-A ratings, the RANs
carry the highest short-term ratings of MIG-1 from Moody's
Investors Service Inc., SP1plus from Standard  Poor's Corp.
and F-1-plus from Fitch Investors Service Inc.
   In contrast, strong investor demand allowed underwriters
led by Morgan Stanley  Co. to lower yields by as much as
0.15 percentage point on an offering of $337 million of New
York Local Government Assistance Corp. sales tax revenue
bonds. After the repricing, the sales tax revenue bonds were
priced to yield from 3.60% in 1993 to 7.18% in 2021. The
NYLGAC was created in 1990 to eliminate New York State's
accumulated deficit by selling long-term bonds. It is
authorized to sell a maximum of $4.7 billion of debt.
   However, it was unclear late yesterday whether the bond
sale will be completed as scheduled. In a surprising turn of
events, New York State Supreme Court Justice Lawrence Kahn
issued a temporary restraining order late yesterday
prohibiting the NYLGAC from issuing the bonds. The order was
handed down in response to a lawsuit filed earlier this month
that questions the constitutionality of the NYLGAC and
contends that the new state agency should not be allowed to
issue debt without voter approval. A hearing is scheduled for
Friday, according to an attorney for the NYLGAC.
   In trading, prices of most municipals ended as much as 3/8
points higher in spots after a session of moderately active
trade.
                                                                                                       

   Corporate  Junk Bonds
                                                                                                       

   About $1.28 billion of new debt was sold in the corporate
market yesterday with two utilities accounting for more than
half of the day's issuance.
   Virginia Electric  Power Co., in Richmond, Va., issued
$680 million of first mortgage bonds in a three-part offering
underwritten by a group led by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   The unit of Dominion Resources Inc. issued $180 million of
three-year bonds priced to yield 6.468%, or 0.55 percentage
point above the Treasury's three-year note.
   The company also offered $250 million of five-year bonds
priced to yield 7.38%, or 0.60 percentage point above the
Treasury's when-issued five-year note. In the issue's third
part, the company offered $250 million of 12-year bonds
priced to yield 8.123%, or 0.68 percentage point above the
Treasury's 10-year note.
   The other utility was New York's Consolidated Edison Co.,
which issued $125 million of 8-year debentures priced to
yield 7.615%, or 0.40 percentage point above the Treasury's
eight-year note.
   In the secondary market for investment-grade corporate
debt, high-grade bonds finished up 1/8 to 1/4 point.
High-risk, high-yield junk bonds were up 1/8 in moderate
trading.

   Mortgage  Asset-Backed Securities
                                                                                                       

   Investors snapped up this year's first big credit-card
securities deal: a $750 million offering by Chase Manhattan
Corp.'s Chase Manhattan Bank unit.
   Demand was strong, because scant credit-card securities
issuance is expected in the near future. In addition, the
securities were attractively priced, traders say.
   The securities were priced as 7.40% issues at 99.878 to
yield 7.475%, or 0.78 percentage point above five-year
Treasury notes.
   The price was below 100 for the new securities, which were
sold through a special purpose vehicle called Chase Manhattan
Credit Card Master Trust Series 1992-1.
   That pricing, at just below par, was strongly appealing to
many investors, because it affords them more protection than
above-par pricing in the event of an early amortization.
   There weren't any new deals announced in the real estate
mortgage investment conduit arena.
   In secondary trading, Government National Mortgage
Association 8% securities for March delivery edged up 3/32 to
99 1/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Gold 8% securities
firmed by 5/32 to 98 20/32 and Federal National Mortgage
Association 8% securities advanced 6/32 to 98 18/32.