Credit Ratings
HSBC HOLDINGS PLC (Hong Kong) -- Moody's Investors Service
Inc. confirmed the top prime-1 credit rating for this holding
company's Hongkong  Shanghai Banking Corp.'s commercial
paper and deposits, as well as the ratings of its
subsidiaries. The rating agency cited the likelihood of a
sustained recovery in profits by the bank and its affiliates.
The Hong Kong banking company, which recently reported an 83%
rise in net income for 1991 to 5.66 billion Hong Kong dollars
(US$730.1 million), has been weighed down by its weak U.S.
affiliate, Marine Midland Banks Inc. Moody's said "although a
number of HSBC affiliates remain problematic, their
performance appears to have, in total, begun to turn around."
Moody's confirmed Marine's Baa-1 senior debt rating and its
prime-2 commercial paper rating. Also confirmed were the
prime-1 ratings of Hongkong Bank of Canada and Concord
Leasing Inc. About $1.5 billion in securities are affected.
   ---
   MESA Inc. (Dallas) -- Standard  Poor's Corp. said it
removed the natural gas producer from its CreditWatch list
and reaffirmed its triple-C-minus debt rating after a federal
judge refused to order the company to freeze $145 million in
assets. The plaintiff, in a lawsuit dating back to Mesa's
investment in Unocal Corp. in 1986, sought to have the assets
frozen, because continued low natural gas prices are
continuing to hurt Mesa. Last month, SP cut the ratings on
the subordinated debt of the company and its Mesa Operating
Ltd. and Mesa Capital Corp. units to triple-C-minus from
single-B-plus, affecting about $600 million in debt. The
rating concern said yesterday that Mesa isn't able to
generate sufficient operating cash flow to meet interest
payments on its subordinated and bank debt and instead must
draw down its sizable cash reserves. SP said that an
inability to address the problem and continued use of the
company's cash reserves for interest payments could result in
further "credit quality deterioration."