Business Brief:
   Scott Paper's Loss
   Widened in Quarter
   On Further Charges
Scott began a business improvement program in late 1990
that includes selling certain businesses and assets, reducing
costs and substantially scaling back capital spending. In
November, it said it was broadening and speeding up its
restructuring, and announced plans to cut 3,800 jobs. It
cited the continuing weak economy and highly competitive
market conditions for paper products, particularly tissue.
   For the year, Scott had a loss of $69.9 million, or 95
cents a share, compared with 1990 net income of $148 million,
or $2.01 a share. Sales also were down 7% for the year, to
$4.98 billion from $5.37 billion.
   Philip E. Lippincott, Scott's chairman and chief executive
officer, said progress in its restructuring in 1991 was
offset by "the tough external environment." He said Scott's
personal-care and cleaning business, which includes paper
towels and moist wipes, continued to perform well
internationally. But the U.S. tissue business and the
printing and writing papers unit had sharply lower results,
primarily because of the economy, weak pricing and excess
production capacity in the company and industry.
   Mr. Lippincott said Scott continues to seek the sale of
its noncore businesses, which were not included in 1991
results. Excluding those businesses in 1990, sales for 1991
were up 5% to $5 billion from $4.7 billion.