Technology:
   Lotus Had $5.8 Million Quarterly Profit
   Compared With Deficit a Year Earlier
   ----
   By David Stipp
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Excluding special charges, fourth-quarter profit would
have been $24.4 million, or 56 cents a share, up from profit
of $21.4 million, or 50 cents a share, a year earlier, the
Cambridge, Mass., company said. Sales rose to $249.2 million
from $188.4 million. The year-earlier sales were restated
because of an accounting change.
   For the year, earnings rose 86% to $43.1 million, or 98
cents a share, from $23.3 million, or 54 cents a share, in
1990. Without special charges, Lotus's 1991 profit would have
been $61.7 million, or $1.40 a share, down 14% from profit of
$76.2 million, or $1.77 a share, in 1990. Sales rose 20% to
$828.9 million from $692.2 million.
   Lotus had record sales of "virtually all products" during
the quarter, said Edwin Gillis, chief financial officer. Both
"selling into (sales) channels and end-user demand" rose for
most products and were "stronger than expected," he added.
   In late national over-the-counter dealings yesterday,
Lotus was trading at $34, up $2.25.
   "December was the best month so far for end-user demand"
for Lotus's new version of the 1-2-3 spreadsheet program for
Microsoft Corp.'s Windows operating system, Mr. Gillis said.
The new 1-2-3 for Windows, introduced in September, has
received lukewarm reviews in computer publications. Still,
Lotus "is optimistic" about the product, which ended the year
with an estimated 15% to 20% market share in the Windows
spreadsheet category, Mr. Gillis said. "We look on (the
market share) as the glass being half full."
   Lotus' 1-2-3 for the DOS operating system had an estimated
85% market share, in terms of revenue, in its category at the
end of the fourth quarter, Mr. Gillis said. Lotus's total
share of the spreadsheet market, in revenue, may be "slightly
improved" from the 63% share Lotus estimated it had for the
first nine months of 1991, he added.
   Lotus's cc:Mail electronic mail system had an estimated
50% market share at the end of the fourth quarter, up from
35% at the end of the third quarter, Mr. Gillis said. Sales
of its Notes communications system "ended the year on plan,"
he added.
   Lotus's Ami Pro word processor program gained an estimated
one to two percentage points in market share during the
quarter, Mr. Gillis said. During 1991, unit sales of the
program doubled, he added. He declined to disclose sales
figures for the product. Lotus said its recently introduced
1-2-3 program for Apple Computer Inc.'s Macintosh computer
and its new Freelance graphics system have received "very
positive" reviews and customer responses.