Chrysler Sets Price
   Of Grand Cherokee
   Above Ford Explorer
However, the Chrysler model comes with a driver's air bag
that the Explorer doesn't have. It also has four-wheel
antilock brakes, while the Explorer has antilock brakes on
only the rear wheels.
   The success of the Grand Cherokee after its April 19 debut
in dealerships is critical for Chrysler since Jeeps
traditionally have been among the strapped auto maker's most
profitable vehicles.
   Chrysler has yet adjusted the prices for its current Jeep
Cherokee wagons, which will be sold alongside the Grand
Cherokee. But dealers who attended a recent showing of the
Grand Cherokee in Detroit said company officials indicated
the base price of the older Jeep will drop to $13,500 by next
fall from $14,346 currently.
   Separately, Chrysler said yesterday that it will slightly
boost base prices on some of its 1992 model cars and light
trucks. The price increases range from $8, or 0.1%, on the
Dodge Shadow and Plymouth Sundance America models, which will
now carry a $7,992 base price to $150, or 0.6%, on the Jeep
Briarwood model, which will have a base price of $24,949.
Chrysler also raised the base prices of its most-important
vehicles, the Dodge Caravan and Plymouth Voyager minivans, by
$95, or 0.7% to a base price of $13,501.