BP Says Net
   Declined 84%
   In 4th Period
   ---
   Results, Reported on Basis
   Of Replacement Costs,
   Are Far Below Estimates
   ----
   By Thomas Waite
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Replacement-cost basis strips out gains or losses on oil
inventories.
   Results were well below prior estimates of market
analysts. And while BP's declaration of an unchanged
quarterly dividend of 4.20 pence a share wasn't the dividend
cut many investors had expected for months, it was stingier
than most analysts had been predicting recently.
   London financial markets had been rife with rumors, denied
by BP Chairman Robert Horton, of a board split over the
amount of dividend. The speculation was that Mr. Horton
favored maintaining BP's policy of steady dividend growth,
while other directors demanded a dividend cuts.
   The unchanged final payout left BP's full-year dividend 5%
higher at 16.80 pence a share, compared with 16.05 pence in
1990.
   BP said North Sea crude oil prices averaged $19.97 a
barrel in 1991, compared with $23.73 a barrel in 1990. The
comparison between quarters was even worse. Prices averaged
$20.52 a barrel in the recent quarter, compared with $32.63
in the last quarter of 1990.
   BP said prices fell steadily during the recent quarter
because of worries about oversupply by the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries.
   "World oil prices appear likely to remain weak in the
short term. This is because of concerns over continuing high
OPEC production levels with the overhang of prospective
production from Kuwait and Iraq, coupled with the milder than
expected northern winter and anticipation of the usual
seasonally weaker demand in the second quarter."
   BP said the expected continuation of weak oil prices and
recession means that market conditions for the first half of
1992 "are likely to be broadly similar to those for the
previous six months."
   BP called the current combination of low oil prices and
economic downturn "unprecedented." It said it was taking
"resolute action" to hold down costs and improve
profitability.
   As with other oil companies, BP's petrochemical division
has performed poorly, as new plants started in the late 1980s
have come on line just in time to greet the recession.
   BP's chemical division sustained a loss of #49 million on
a replacement cost basis in the fourth quarter compared with
a #7 million profit the year earlier. For all of 1991, the
chemical business registered a #7 million loss, swinging from
a profit of #129 million in 1990. BP said, "chemical results
are expected to remain poor through 1992."
   Refining and marketing replacement profit fell 10% to #104
million in the fourth quarter from #115 million the year
before.
   Per-share earnings fell 99% in the recent quarter to 0.1
pence from 8.5 pence and fell 75% to 7.7 pence for the full
year from 31.3 pence.