What's News --
   Business and Finance
Stocks rallied, while bond prices slipped and the dollar
edged up. The Dow Jones industrials surged 25.26 points to a
record 3276.83 in heavy trading. Over-the-counter issues rose
more sharply, also setting a record.
   ---
   Democrats vowed to cut taxes for the middle class and
raise them for the wealthy, and attacked the latest GOP tax
plan because it does neither. The Democratic proposal is
expected also to include breaks for business.
   ---
   Digital Equipment plans to unveil next week a computer
chip that analysts say is more powerful than competing chips
and could give Digital a striking market advantage.
   ---
   Dow Corning should face a criminal inquiry into whether it
misled women, doctors and the government on the safety of
silicone breast implants, a House panel chairman said.
   ---
   Sears intends to eliminate 600 salaried positions and to
cut the pay of salespeople at its U.S. stores. Further cuts
are expected later this year.
   ---
   Saudi Arabia pressed for a new formula for OPEC production
quotas as oil ministers debated ways to reduce output to prop
up falling prices.
   ---
   Continental Airlines creditors are seeking to sue Frank
Lorenzo, the carrier's ex-chairman, over the sale of his
stake in the company months before it entered Chapter 11.
   ---
   ATT formed a joint venture with a Russian phone equipment
manufacturer to adapt and market ATT's network products for
use in Russia.
   ---
   Honda faces a move by the U.S. to raise the tariff levied
on Civic models shipped from a Canadian facility.
   ---
   Canada revised its tax laws to discourage Canadians from
buying goods from U.S. mail-order concerns.
   ---
   Insurance companies Aetna, Travelers and Lincoln National
posted sharply lower fourth-quarter profits. But Aetna stock
rose $2.50 to $46.25.
   ---
   Makers of air conditioners, refrigerators and foam
insulation criticized the EPA's plan to speed up a ban of
certain ozone-depleting chemicals.
   ---
   Universal Pictures proposed that movie theaters offer
half-price tickets every Tuesday in an effort to reverse
declining attendance.
   ---
   Germany's Bertelsmann is in talks with Virgin Music about
a possible purchase of the British record concern, merchant
bank sources say.
   ---
   News Corp.'s quarterly profit rose 14%, reflecting cost
cutting, lower interest expense and a one-time gain. News
Corp. stock jumped $2 to $25.50.
   ---
   India's government approved a plan to let Indian companies
issue equity to foreign investors for the first time, by
selling convertible bonds.
   ---
   The SEC is investigating a growing practice by companies
to stop sending quarterly reports to investors who keep their
shares with brokers.
   ---
   Copper futures prices surged amid signs of strengthening
domestic demand for the metal in the past week.
   ---
   Tokyo stocks sank, sending the Nikkei index down 277.88,
or 1.27%, to 21541.64. London shares also fell.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 230,230,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3276.83, up 25.26; transportation 1405.64, up 15.32;
utilities 209.94, up 1.25.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4209.95, off 9.14.
   Commodities: Oil $19.27 a barrel, off one cent. Dow Jones
futures index 122.51, up 0.61; spot index 119.34, up 0.59.
   Dollar: 127.45 yen, up 0.05; 1.6074 marks, up 0.0129.