Abreast of the Market:
   Dow Jones Industrials Decline 8.95
   On Profit-Taking in 1991's Gainers
   ----
   By Craig S. Smith
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Standard  Poor's 500-Stock Index fell 2.56 to 418.21,
equal to about a 20-point drop in the Dow Jones industrials,
while the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index lost 1.29
to 230.55. The Dow Jones Equity Market Index sank 2.47 to
394.17.
   The selling focused again on biotechnology and health-care
stocks, which provided investors with some of the fattest
profits last year. Electric utilities, which were loved
through the recession for the steady dividends they paid, are
also being sold to raise cash with which to chase bigger
returns elsewhere in the market.
   The reinvestment of that money has driven up the price of
almost any stock that has languished until now. The big
favorites are stocks of those companies who are likely to
benefit most in an economic recovery. Yesterday's leading
groups included steel and other metal companies, including
precious metals, car makers, factory equipment and heavy
machinery makers, chemicals concerns, and some airlines.
   The buying sent 934 stocks climbing, while 900 stocks
fell. Volume was 333,750,000 shares, beating Wednesday's
volume of 312,400,000, making yesterday the eighth-heaviest
day of trading in history.
   Yesterday was the heaviest trading day since Oct. 16,
1989.
   While the industrial average dropped, the Dow Jones
Transportation Average soared 14.38 points to 1445.81, its
highest level since the average nose-dived on the breakdown
of UAL buy-out talks in September 1989.
   "The transportation average is still leading the way to
higher ground," said Bill Langevin, manager of institutional
trading at Morgan Keegan  Co.
   Gene Jay Seagle, director of technical research at Gruntal
 Co., said the gain in the transportation average is
indicating, in part, that the distribution side of the
economy is reacting to increased output by manufacturers.
   "We're making goods and we're moving the output," said Mr.
Seagle. "That gives a very healthy outlook for the economy."
   However, some analysts caution that the market is
anticipating a lot of good news, both on the economic and
political fronts, and any unexpected shock could cause a
shakeout in stocks.
   Harold A. McKinney Jr., head of the investment policy
committee at Fleet/Norstar Financial Group, said any
hesitation in the economic recovery or any surge in inflation
could lead to a quick unwinding of much of the market's
recent gains. He expects first-quarter corporate profits to
exceed expectations.
   Stock-index futures and stock options will expire today,
but market watchers doubt that the expirations will have much
effect in this momentum-driven market.
   However, Richard Eakle, president of Eakle Associates,
said he is raising cash ahead of what he believes could be a
sharp pullback within the next two weeks.
   As warning signs, he cited slumping utility stocks and
bond prices, as well as wild speculation in some stocks. "The
market is developing a casino-like complexion," said Mr.
Eakle.
   Among steel stocks, Bethlehem Steel surged 2 1/4 to 17,
Nucor jumped 6 3/8 to 93 3/4, and USX-U.S. Steel gained 2 5/8
to 29 3/8.
   Other metals stocks that surged included Asarco, up 1 3/8
to 24 1/2, Amax Inc., up 2 1/4 to 22 1/8, Reynolds Metals, up
2 3/4 to 57 3/4, and Phelps Dodge, rising 4 1/2 to 73.
   Among factory equipment makers, Cincinnati Milacron soared
1 5/8 to 13 5/8 and Keystone International surged 2 1/8 to 28
7/8. Heavy machinery maker Caterpillar continued to climb,
adding 2 to 47 1/8, while Clark Equipment rose 1 3/8 to 25
7/8 and Harnischfeger Industries gained 1 1/8 to 21 5/8.
   Ford rose 1 to 33 and General Motors jumped 2 1/4 to 34
3/8.
   Among paper stocks, Chesapeake Corp. rallied 3 to 27 7/8,
International Paper added 5/8 to 72 3/4, and Boise Cascade
rose 1 1/4 to 23 7/8.
   Moving quickly to take advantage of the strength in
cyclical stocks, International Paper sold eight million
shares after the market closed at the day's closing price in
an underwriting led by First Boston. The proceeds of $582
million was earmarked to reduce the company's $4.7 billion in
debt.
   Ashland Coal added 5/8 to 31 7/8. Kidder Peabody raised
its rating on the stock to "buy" from "hold."
   On the losing side, U.S. Surgical Corp. tumbled 8 to 123
1/2, despite reporting fourth-quarter profit of 48 cents a
share. The surgical device maker earned 27 cents a share a
year earlier. Medical and biotechnology stocks have borne the
brunt of the rotation out of last year's stock market leaders
and into cyclical stocks.
   Glaxo Holdings topped the most active list with a 1
7/8-point drop to 30 7/8 on volume of more than 9.4 million
shares.
   Pfizer lost 3 to 76 3/8, Warner Lambert dropped 2 1/4 to
73 1/4, Metronic lost 3 to 84 1/2, and Forest Laboratories
dropped 3 1/4 to 37 1/2 in American Stock Exchange trading.
   Carter-Wallace dropped 2 1/2 to 128 1/2. The company
reported third-quarter profit of 90 cents a share, up from 87
cents a year ago, but below analysts' expectations.
   Storage Technology rallied 3 1/4 to 62 1/2. Alex. Brown
repeated a "strong buy" recommendation on the stock.
   But Digital Equipment lost 4 1/4 to 54 3/4 after reporting
a fiscal second-quarter loss of $1.11 a share, compared with
profit of 92 cents a year ago. The company said it may make
larger work force cuts.
   Mutual Risk Management added 1 to 37 1/4. The insurer,
which went public in June for $16.50 a share, priced an
offering of 2.4 million more shares Wednesday at $36.25 each.
   International Game Technology rose 1/2 to 51 5/8. The
company settled lawsuits against Bally Gaming for undisclosed
terms.
   UNC Inc. eased 7/8 to 5 3/4. The Nuclear Regulatory
Commission ordered the company to clean up a uranium mill
site, using $16.4 million of a $67.5 million settlement it
recently received.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 0.53
to 413.77. Volume was 25,685,000 shares, about flat from
Wednesday's 25,700,000 shares. There were 342 issues
advancing and 304 declining.