Advanced Micro
   Posts Profit
   For Period, Year
   ---
   Computer-Chip Sales Surge
   Paces Results, Vindicates
   Development of Clone
   ----
   By Stephen Kreider Yoder
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the year, Advanced Micro reported net of $145.3
million, or $1.53 cents a share, compared with a year-ago
loss of $53.6 million, or 78 cents a share. Sales in 1991
were $1.23 billion, compared with $1.06 billion in 1990.
   The results are the payoff from a big gamble by W.J.
Sanders, Advanced Micro's chairman and chief executive
officer. After several lackluster years and a string of
quarterly losses from a moribund product line, Mr. Sanders
pushed the development of "clones" of Intel's extremely
profitable "386" microprocessor.
   Sales of the clones, introduced in March 1991, have
outstripped Mr. Sanders's wildest projections and are largely
responsible for his company's profitability. Early last year,
Mr. Sanders said he expected to sell about $47 million in the
chips in 1991. Instead, the chips brought in more than $250
million in revenue for the year and $145 million for the
fourth quarter alone.
   "It's a watershed quarter," for Advanced Micro, said
Millard Phelps, a securities analyst at Hambrecht  Quist who
praises the company's strong balance sheet and calls its
stock "a buy without equivocation." Advanced Micro's stock,
which traded at a low of $3.75 in November 1990, closed at
$18.875, down 12.5 cents in late New York Stock Exchange
trading.
   Without the clones, Advanced Micro would probably have
just broken even in the fourth quarter, said Mr. Sanders in
an interview. Many of its older product lines saw declining
sales or poor profit margins as a result of severe price
cutting in the fourth quarter, he said. In an otherwise
lackluster chip market, he said, "All our growth came from
microprocessors -- thank God for microprocessors."
   Advanced Micro's success came largely at the expense of
Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., analysts said. While
Intel has managed to keep profit up by switching customers to
its more profitable "486" chips, which no one else makes, it
was forced this week to announce big price cuts on its 386
chips in an attempt to remain the dominant supplier of 386
chips. Advanced Micro says it will match all Intel prices and
is expected to announce its own 486 chip on Jan. 30.
   Mr. Sanders said that orders Advanced Micro has received
indicate that sales of the AM386 chip will grow to about $180
million in the first quarter of 1992. Advanced Micro expects
to grab a more-than 50% share of the 386 market this year
compared with about a 30% share last year, he said. The
company expects to report first-quarter sales of about $400
million and 1992 sales of more than $1.5 billion, he said.