KLM Official Boosts
   Hopes for Linkup
   With British Airways
In addition, Mr. Bouw reportedly said he was willing to
give up the KLM identity in the long term. "I attach
exceptional importance to the name KLM, but I'm not as
simplistic as to hold onto it at all costs," he was quoted as
saying.
   In his only other public statement on the talks, Mr. Bouw
said in November that there would be no outright takeover of
KLM.
   Despite the specific nature of many of the quotes in the
Dutch media, a KLM spokeswoman said Mr. Bouw was speaking "in
general on the issue of cooperation in the aviation
industry." The spokeswoman confirmed, however, that the KLM
president said a solution to the landing rights issue has
been found.
   British Airways declined to comment on the reports.
   Mr. Bouw's reported statements helped rekindle interest in
KLM on the Amsterdam stock exchange, where the lack of recent
reports or rumors caused the carrier's share price to fall
below 40 guilders for several days last week. Thursday,
however, KLM stock jumped to 41.60 guilders ($24.51), up 2.7%
from 40.50 guilders.
   For British Airways, the heightened expectations have a
good and bad side, said Tim Coombs of County NatWest in
London. While there could be tremendous gains in efficiency
from combined operations, any collapse in the talks would
raise questions about British Airways' ability to reach a
partnership agreement, since alliances with Sabena Belgian
World Airlines and United Airlines never panned out.
   Mr. Coombs also said Mr. Bouw's comments about the
identity of the airline probably were an effort to prepare
the KLM unions for the deal.