Trump Reaches Deal
   To Restructure Debt
   Of Its Plaza Casino
"We have a high degree of confidence that the deal will be
endorsed by other bondholders," said Dan Harmetz, the
Fidelity portfolio manager who negotiated the deal.
   Sources familiar with the deal say that unless nearly 100%
of bondholders agree to the deal -- which is unlikely -- it
will probably be carried out through a "prepackaged
bankruptcy," which would require approval by holders of
two-thirds of the bonds and would force hold-outs to accept
it. The Trump Taj Mahal casino restructured its debt last
year through a similar deal, in which the company entered
Chapter 11 proceedings with a restructuring deal in place.
   "This is a long-term fix for the property," said Nicholas
Ribis, chief executive officer of Donald Trump's three
Atlantic City casinos.
   Analysts said that the Plaza was generating enough cash to
meet its $34 million in annual interest payments, but not the
$25 million in annual principal payments on its
first-mortgage bonds. The restructuring eliminates all
principal payments for 10 years. Under the plan, the interest
payments and dividends on the new bonds and stock would also
total about $34 million a year.
   If the plan is completed, it would give current
bondholders paper with a face value of $50 million more than
their current bonds.