ConAgra Acquires
   Arrow Industries
   In a Stock Swap
   ----
   By Carlee R. Scott
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
While ConAgra, based in Omaha, has a "strong focus on
distribution channels," a ConAgra spokesman said, "one area
where we haven't a lot of strength is private-label
distribution. We think we can leverage their (Arrow's)
distribution by taking advantage of our production base."
   To effect the purchase, ConAgra exchanged nearly 5.3
million common shares for Arrow's capital stock. In composite
New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, ConAgra shares
were quoted at $35.375, down 12.5 cents, giving the
transaction an indicated current value of $185.7 million.
   Before the purchase, ConAgra had 226 million common shares
outstanding. ConAgra, which grew substantially with its $1.34
billion acquisition of Beatrice Cos. in August 1990, more
recently paid about $455 million to purchase Golden Valley
Microwave Foods Inc.
   The Arrow transaction will be accounted for as a pooling
of interests, the company said.
   ConAgra, which in addition to its varied food-industry
operations has interests in commodity trading and processing,
is a "very acquisition-minded company," says William Leach,
an analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette in New York.
"They'll buy anything as long as they get a 20% return on
their investment. They want to be everything in the food
business," he adds.
   Steven M. Carnes, an analyst at Piper Jaffray in
Minneapolis, found interesting the fact that about only
one-third of Arrow's business is food.
   ConAgra's spokesman, however, said, "Those things (the
non-food items) all go to the grocery store. It doesn't
really matter if it is food or non-food. It can all go on the
same truck."
   ConAgra said it can "draw" on Arrow's packaging and
distribution capabilities and expand ConAgra's presence in
private-label markets.
   Arrow, which has annual sales of $185 million, employs
1,200; its products include dried beans and peas, rice,
popcorn, ground black pepper, aluminum foil, plastic bags and
wraps, paper plates, charcoal and charcoal lighter fluid.
   ConAgra, which had total sales of $19.5 billion in the
fiscal year ended May 26, 1991, said the transaction won't be
dilutive to its per-share earnings.