Marketing & Media:
   Beer Shipments
   Fell a Bit in `91;
   Taxes, Slump Cited
   ----
   By Marj Charlier
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Coors Brewing Co., a unit of Adolph Coors Co., was the
only major U.S. brewer to gain volume in the year, even
though its flagship Coors brand was knocked off the top 10
list by Anheuser-Busch Cos.' Natural Light. Coors's 1%
increase in volume to 19.4 million barrels came from a 3.4%
gain by Coors Light and a 21.4% increase for Keystone Light,
as well as the introduction of new brands, according to
Impact.
   Anheuser-Busch shipped 0.7% less beer, or 83.5 million
barrels, and Philip Morris Cos.'s Miller Brewing Co. shipped
42.1 million barrels, also 0.7% less, Impact said. Beer
Marketer's Insights estimated Anheuser-Busch lost 0.4% and
that Miller shipments were even. Impact put Stroh Brewery
Co.'s losses at 7.8% of volume and G. Heileman Brewing Co.'s
losses at 11.9%.
   Beer Marketer's Insights estimates import sales declined
about 10%.
   Among 1991's top 10 brews, Coors Light, Anheuser's Bud
Light and Natural Light gained volume, adding to the
significance of light brews in the U.S. marketplace. Light
beers accounted for 37.3% of the volume of the top 25 beers,
a gain of 2.6 percentage points from 1990, while premium
brews accounted for 39.3%, a loss of 2.2 percentage points,
Impact estimated. Also gaining volume were popular-priced
Busch and Miller Genuine Draft.
   Shipments of Anheuser's Budweiser, the nation's
top-selling beer, declined 5.4%, marking its third year of
declining volume, Impact said. The brand still accounts for
nearly one out of every four beers sold in the U.S., with its
24.1% market share. Also losing volume were Miller Lite,
Miller's Milwaukee's Best, Stroh's Old Milwaukee and Miller
High Life, Impact said.