What's News --
   Business and Finance
Greenspan indicated the Fed intends to hold interest rates
steady for a while unless the economy worsens. Last month's
rate cut will probably be enough to boost the economy, he
said, warning against big fiscal steps.
   ---
   R.H. Macy told suppliers it is delaying paying them for
two weeks, amid the retailer's worst cash squeeze since its
1986 buy-out. Macy's junk bonds sank as much as 20%. But Macy
said it can avoid Chapter 11.
                                                                                                       

   Allied Stores and Federated Department Stores won a
judge's oral approval of a plan for the Campeau units to
emerge from Chapter 11 as a single, publicly traded retailer.
   ---
   Antitrust regulators at the Justice Department proposed
guidelines that FTC lawyers say could make it harder to
prosecute merger cases.
   ---
   Bush's trade mission to Tokyo received mixed reviews from
U.S. executives, with some calling it ill-conceived and
others applauding the initiative as an important first step.
Many Japanese criticized the visit.
   ---
   Dow Corning documents depict the company rushing a
silicone breast implant to market in 1975, failing to do some
safety tests for years and misleading doctors about risks.
The company denies any misconduct.
   ---
   Italy's Ferruzzi agreed to pay the Chicago Board of Trade
a $2 million fine plus $1 million in legal fees to settle
charges that it tried to corner the soybean market in 1989.
The conglomerate denied the allegation.
   ---
   First Chicago slashed its dividend 40% and posted a $15.1
million fourth-quarter loss after taking charges for problem
loans and expense cuts. The bank's stock fell $1.25 to
$23.75.
   ---
   Westinghouse discussed selling its radio stations to KKR
for about $500 million but the talks were scuttled last month
after Westinghouse ob tained a new bank line of credit.
   ---
   Sears named its chief financial officer, James Denny, to
the new post of vice chairman, signaling that Chairman Edward
Brennan isn't likely to give up soon the top job at Sears's
struggling retail unit.
   ---
   Digital Equipment plans next week to slash its personal
computer prices by as much as 50% and to launch a big
mail-order sales effort.
   ---
   Citicorp is expected to name H. Onno Ruding, a former
Dutch finance minister, to a new senior post.
   ---
   Bids by USX and Inland Steel to renegotiate their labor
contracts were rejected by union officials, forcing the
ailing industry to look else where to cut costs or raise
money.
   ---
   Smith Barney plans to delay pay ing part of its brokers'
commissions for four years, reflecting a growing industry
effort to limit staff turnover.
   ---
   Stock and bond prices slid. The Dow Jones industrials fell
10.07 to 3199.46 in heavy trading. The price of the benchmark
long-term Treasury bond lost  point. The dollar rose.
   ---
   Borden is revamping its dairy op erations, cutting about
1,300 jobs, 8.7% of its salaried work force. A $43 million
fourth-period charge is likely.
   ---
   Micron Technology is withdrawing from Sematech, a
semiconductor consortium formed in 1987 to fight competition
from the Japanese.
   ---
   American Express closed its New York Woman magazine,
citing the recession and a drop in advertising.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 236,060,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3199.46, off 10.07; transportation 1351.83, off 15.70;
utilities 216.07, off 2.82.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4331.62, off 24.53.
   Commodities: Oil $18.23 a barrel, up 37 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 121.52, up 0.03; spot index 112.73, up 0.29.
   Dollar: 127.05 yen, up 1.24; 1.5845 marks, up 0.0255.