Dividend Increases
   Rose in December
   From Year Earlier
   ----
   By Neal Lipschutz
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
"December was perhaps a little better than we thought, but
the comparison was pretty easy" because in December 1990 the
economy was in recession and the U.S. was headed toward war
in the Persian Gulf, said Arnold Kaufman, editor of S&P's
Outlook newsletter.
   S&P said 102 companies raised their dividends in December,
compared with 88 in the year-earlier month and 137 in
December 1989.
   Despite the better trend near the end of the year, 1991
was a dismal one for dividends. S&P said 1,086 companies
raised their dividends in 1991, down from 1,263 in 1990 and
1,656 in 1989.
   The 1991 dividend increase total was the lowest since
1971, when 885 companies raised dividends. But because
dividends were subject to federal wage and price controls in
1970 and 1971, Mr. Kaufman said, a more valid comparison
would go all the way back to 1962, which also saw 1,086
companies raising dividends.
   Sixteen companies cut their dividends last month, compared
with 15 a year earlier. For all of 1991, 187 companies cut
dividends, compared with 143 in 1990. Mr. Kaufman said the
1991 total was the highest since 258 dividends were cut in
1982, which also was a recession year.
   Eighteen companies omitted dividends in December, compared
with 32 a year earlier. In all of 1991, there were 250
omissions, compared with 266 in 1990.
   Mr. Kaufman is fairly upbeat about the dividend outlook
for 1992, though he points out that year-to-year comparisons
will be made with a weak 1991. He forecasts a 3% to 5%
increase in dividends of companies in the S&P 500 index and
says it is likely that the 1990 total of companies raising
dividends, 1,263, will be matched in 1992.
   The dividend-increase forecast is linked to expectations
that corporate earnings will rebound from last year's
depressed levels as the benefits of lower interest rates and
cost-cutting take hold, he said.