Technology  Health:
   Nynex Is Selected
   As Equity Partner
   In Major Thai Job
   ----
   By Mary Lu Carnevale
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A spokeswoman for the regional Bell company, based in
White Plains, N.Y., said that total expenditure for the
project is estimated at $2.5 billion to $3 billion over five
years. The company wouldn't disclose the value of its 10%
equity investment in TelecomAsia.
   The new network will be built separately from Thailand's
current 1.2 million-line telephone system but will connect
with the older one as well as with the Communications
Authority of Thailand's international gateway. Demand for
phone service in Thailand far outstrips the supply with back
orders totaling about one million, including 700,000 in
Bankgok, a Nynex spokeswoman said.
   Nynex has generally shunned bidding on telephone-network
privatizations, such as the New Zealand government's sale of
its telephone company, preferring the less risky route of
building and operating systems abroad. "We're probably not
going to play a role in any major privatizations," Mr.
Salerno said, citing high premiums that foreign governments
are asking for their telephone companies. "Our strategy
overseas is not to buy but to build in growth areas."
   Nynex has targeted Southeast Asia because of the region's
high economic growth, low telephone penetration and need for
expertise in building and operating telecommunications
systems.
   For the Bangkok project, Nynex said it would appoint the
chief operating officer and many top executives, managers and
technical professionals. Initially, a team of 80 managers
will work on the new phone system; the number of employees is
expected to grow to 3,500 to 5,000 as the project progresses.