OTC Focus:
   Gensia Shares Soar as Index Inches Up;
   Computer, Biotech Issues Turn Mixed
   ----
   By Dave Pettit
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The Nasdaq Composite Index, though, gained just 1.55, or
0.25%, to 633.95. Continued buying in some of the stock
groups that led Wednesday's 11-point rally helped to lift the
market. But those groups -- including computer technology and
biotechnology -- were more mixed yesterday.
   Although software developer Microsoft jumped 2 7/8 to 124
7/8, Apple Computer eased 1 3/8 to 68 1/2 and Intel lost 1 to
64 1/2. Meanwhile, Biogen rose 7/8 to 30 5/8 and Alteon
gained 2 3/4 to 25 1/4, but the market's biotechnology
leader, Amgen, slid 3/4 to 65 7/8.
   Overall, advancing Nasdaq issues led decliners,
1,237-to-977, narrower than Wednesday's nearly 2-to-1 margin.
National Market System volume totaled 169,170,000 shares,
down from 188,760,000 the prior session.
   On the Big Board, meanwhile, stocks were mixed. The New
York Stock Exchange Composite Index lost 0.48, or 0.21%, and
the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 13.87, but advancing
issues there outnumbered decliners.
   Gensia reported that in a Phase II study of 116 patients
undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery, use of its Arasine
drug resulted in a 64% reduction in incidence of myocardial
infarction, or heart attack. While the results weren't
statistically significant because of the small sample size,
the company said broader Phase III studies of the drug are
under way.
   Dan Jensen, an analyst at Cruttenden  Co. of Irvine,
Calif., said the Arasine results are favorable. "If Arasine
came to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration it
would have a huge market. It could be used in almost every
open-heart surgery," he said. The drug is designed to reduce
damage to the heart and the occurrence of heart attacks
associated with surgery, he said.
   But Mr. Jensen said FDA approval could be more than two
years away. Because of that, he said, Gensia's stock "may be
a little ahead of itself right now." The analyst doesn't
expect Arasine to generate profits for Gensia until late 1994
or early 1995. The company doesn't have any other
FDA-approved proprietary products, though it does market
several generic drugs through a subsidiary, a spokeswoman
said.
   Despite yesterday's over-the-counter advance, Don R. Hays,
director of market strategy at Wheat First-Butcher  Singer,
said he still sees evidence of sluggishness in the market.
"Internally, the market is weakening despite the relatively
healthy performance of the {Nasdaq Composite} index itself,"
he said.
   On Tuesday, just 90 stocks set new 52-week highs -- the
lowest one-day tally so far this year, Mr. Hays said. On
Wednesday, despite the market's strong rally, Mr. Hays said a
"relatively anemic" 119 new highs were hit. Yesterday,
though, the results were somewhat better: 145 issues closed
at highs, while 14 ended at lows.
   "There still are a lot of crosscurrents and I think that
is going to continue for the weeks ahead," Mr. Hays said.
"There are tremendous uncertainties about the economy, the
political situation and the bond market."
   Vitesse Semiconductor jumped 3 1/4 to 20 after the company
said it expects to report a huge increase in net income in
the second quarter. Its chairman, Louis R. Tomasetta, said he
is comfortable with analysts' estimates that the company will
report earnings of $750,000 to $1,050,000, or five cents to
seven cents a share, for the period that ends next month, up
from net of $40,000, or less than one cent a share, a year
earlier.
   U.S. Bancorp gained 1 3/8 to 23. It agreed to purchase 49
bank branches in Northern California and Nevada from
BankAmerica and Security Pacific for $70 million. Also, the
company said it is comfortable it will meet estimates that
put its net from operations at 49 cents to 53 cents a share
in the first quarter against year-ago net income of 51 cents.
   Adobe Systems lost 3 3/4 to 55 on rumors about the
company's first-quarter earnings. Bruce Lupatkin, an analyst
at Hambrecht  Quist, said he believes Adobe's earnings for
the period may reach just 54 cents to 55 cents a share, less
than the 59 cents he had expected, according to Dow Jones
Professional Investor Report. A year ago, the software
company had earnings of 55 cents a share.
   Novell jumped 1 1/2 to 63. After the market closed, the
computer networking products company reported first-quarter
net income of 34 cents a share, up from 21 cents a share a
year ago. The mean estimate of analysts surveyed by First
Call, a unit of Thomson Financial Networks, was 33 cents a
share for the latest period.
   Xoma gained 1 1/4 to 23 3/4 despite its report that it had
a fourth-quarter loss of 49 cents a share, wider than the
year-ago deficit of 48 cents a share.
   Cooker Restaurant climbed 2 to 38 after the company
declared a 2-for-1 stock split, payable to shares of record
March 20.
   Liposome Technology dropped 1 to 18 3/4. It filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of
two million additional shares of its common.