U.K.'s Redland Raises
   Its Offer for Steetley
   To About $1.09 Billion
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Terms of the increase involve a sweetening of the swap
parity to 87 new Redland shares for every 100 Steetley
ordinary shares. The swap parity was set at 85 Redland shares
for every 100 Steetley shares when the bid was launched Dec.
10.
   Redland also said it is offering a full cash alternative
representing 365 pence ($6.27) for each Steetley share.
   It also disclosed that as of the close of business
Thursday it held valid acceptances amounting to 2.9 million
Steetley ordinary shares, or 1.8% of the company's ordinary
capital. Redland said that it also held 21,210 preference
shares, or 5.5% of its preference share capital.
   Steetley, which rejected Redland's previous bid as "wholly
inadequate," said its board will meet with merchant banking
advisers S.G. Warburg  Co. to consider a response to the new
offer. It said "shareholders are advised to take no action"
while the board reviews the new offer.
   Steetley Chairman David Donne has maintained the company
is well-placed for recovery in the U.K., North America and
Spain, while Redland's performance is "increasingly dependent
on the faltering German economy."
   On Tuesday, the U.K. Department of Trade and Industry said
it wouldn't refer Redland's acquisition of Steetley to the
Monopolies and Mergers Commission for review, because of
assurances from the company that it would dispose of certain
assets within 18 months of the Steetley acquisition.