Union Ratifies
   Conrail Contract
   To Reduce Crews
   ----
   By Robert J. Brennan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
A spokeswoman said 5,600 conductors and brakemen are
covered under the union contract, but didn't know how many
were expected to leave as a result of the agreement. She
declined to disclose expected cost savings from the crew
reductions.
   The contract follows a rail industry trend to reduce labor
costs in an effort to become more competitive with truck
carriers. Several other rail companies have recently reached
similar crew-reduction agreements. James A. Hagen, Conrail
chairman and chief executive officer, said that "over time,
as the competitive advantage brings more freight to the
railroad, employment will tend to stabilize."
   Also, under a severance agreement for conductors and
brakemen, those who qualify to leave the company immediately
will receive $65,000 in cash. For later voluntary
separations, the cash benefit will be $50,000, Conrail said.
Those qualifying employees not accepting the offer will be
placed in a reserve pool, which would be phased out as
additional employees accept voluntary separation.
   As previously reported, Conrail said it would take a
pretax charge in the fourth quarter of $675 million to $725
million associated with crew-reduction and other costs,
mainly asset reductions and environmental cleanup costs.
   Conrail shares rose $2.125 yesterday to close at $85.875
in New York Stock Exchange trading.