What's News --
   Business and Finance
Consumer confidence slipped this month to the lowest level
since 1980. Nearly one in four of those surveyed said someone
in their household was unemployed in the past 12 months.
Confidence was especially weak among middle-aged and older
people.
   ---
   The Dow Jones industrials jumped 31.53 points to a record
3272.14, largely due to sharp gains by Disney and PG shares.
But other stock indexes changed little. Bonds rallied on the
drop in consumer confidence.
   ---
   IBM was chosen by France to be a technological ally of
Groupe Bull, a state-owned computer company. IBM is to buy a
5% to 10% stake in Bull. Separately, IBM is expected to
unveil its first true notebook PC next month.
   ---
   Compaq's net income sank 51% in the fourth quarter as
sales dropped 13%. The computer maker warned of continuing
woes due to the recession and heavy price competition.
Compaq's stock tumbled $2.375 to $32.875.
   ---
   A consortium of Mitsui, McDermott and Marathon Oil won a
contract from Russia to study the feasibility of developing
offshore oil deposits near Siberia. Such a project could cost
$8 billion to $16 billion.
   ---
   American Express's profit surged 72% in the fourth
quarter, more than expected, despite a sharp downturn in the
company's charge card unit.
   ---
   Procter  Gamble's profit rose 7% in the latest period,
reflecting higher overseas sales and leading analysts to
raise estimates of future earnings. PG's stock jumped $5.50
to $102.625.
   ---
   Sweden rejected a planned take over of Volvo by Procordia,
a food and drug concern in which the government owns a 42.7%
stake. But a revised proposal could be approved.
   ---
   Macy's suppliers may get only half or less of their claims
against the retailer, which total at least $275 million,
bankruptcy experts predict.
   ---
   Volkswagen of America said it will make car payments for
up to 12 months for people who buy the company's new cars and
then get laid off.
   ---
   Credit Suisse's long-term debt was downgraded by Moody's,
which said it may also cut Swiss Bank's rating. The steps
were seen as a blow to the reputation of Swiss banks in
general.
   ---
   The late Robert Maxwell inflated Maxwell Communication's
results with bogus real estate sales to companies he
controlled, investigators said.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 217,070,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3272.14, up 31.53; transportation 1356.32, unchanged;
utilities 213.51, up 0.06.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4253.16, up 24.87.
   Commodities: Oil $19.17 a barrel, off 19 cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.93, up 0.31; spot index 115.62, up 0.42.
   Dollar: 125.75 yen, up 0.50; 1.6000 marks, off 0.0099.