CalFed Posts Loss,
   Unexpectedly Big,
   For 4th Quarter
   ----
   By Ralph T. King Jr.
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The bank was notified by regulators in November that it
must raise $375 million in capital by June, giving it
tangible capital, a key gauge of financial strength, equal to
4.5% of assets. That ratio, currently 2.5%, declined from
2.6% at the end of the third quarter. If it fails to meet
these targets, regulators could severely restrict operations
or even seize the bank.
   So far, the bank appears to have made little headway,
though it is interested in a possible merger with Los
Angeles-based Glenfed Inc., which has problems of its own.
Neither bank's management seems to have much credibility;
among 307 major U.S. corporations, CalFed was the
seventh-least admired and Glenfed was just three rungs
higher, according to Fortune magazine.
   Representatives of both banks are said by industry
officials to have scheduled a joint meeting in mid-February
with regulators to discuss their options, including a merger
that involves an infusion of cash from the government. They
apparently plan to meet with Timothy Ryan, head of the Office
of Thrift Supervision, who believes that so-called assisted
mergers can keep the big, weak California thrifts out of
government hands. Mr. Ryan's concept has stumbled over how to
handle the interests of existing stockholders and
bondholders.
   "CalFed has been subjected to intense regulatory
scrutiny," said CalFed Chairman Jerry St. Dennis. In a
statement, the bank referred to the June targets set by
regulators as "excessive and counterproductive."
   During the quarter, CalFed's nonperforming assets rose 5%
to $1.03 billion from $986 million at the end of the third
quarter, despite the shrinking of its asset base by 4% to
$18.39 billion from $19.14 billion.
   In late composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange
yesterday, CalFed shares were quoted at $3.50, up 37.5 cents.