Credit Ratings
INTERNATIONAL PAPER Co. (Purchase, N.Y.) -- Standard 
Poor's Corp. said it affirmed its ratings on about $2.5
billion of debt of this paper company. "Especially in this
cyclical downturn, the firm has outperformed many of its
competitors," SP asserted. But it added that pricing in many
paper grades is "evidencing softness, which will likely limit
improvement in credit measures until the economy rebounds."
   ---
   MERRILL LYNCH  Co.'s senior debt ratings were raised by
Standard  Poor's Corp. to single-A-plus from single-A. SP
also raised the rating on Merrill's preferred stock to
single-A-minus from triple-B-plus. About $6.5 billion of debt
and preferred stock is affected. Merrill said the action was
the third time in recent months that a major ratings agency
upgraded the ratings on Merrill's debt and preferred stock.
SP said the upgrades reflect improvements in Merrill Lynch's
cost structure and "continued success in solidifying its
strong market positions" in a broad range of securities
operations. In the past couple of years, the securities firm
has eliminated costs and underperforming assets which,
together with unfavorable market conditions, depressed
earnings before 1991, the rating agency said. It said the
sharp improvement in earnings in 1991, while reflecting
strong markets that boosted much of the securities industry,
also demonstrated Merrill's cost and asset efficiency
programs. In the 1991 first nine months, Merrill earned
$525.4 million, which surpasses its previous full-year record
of $463.2 million in 1988.