Supreme Court
   Refuses to Block
   Return of Haitians
   ----
   By Paul M. Barrett
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
While the repatriation of hundreds of refugees continues
this week, the administration tried to iron out apparently
conflicting descriptions of conditions in Haiti. The
administration's knowledge about what is going on in Haiti is
central to the case before the Supreme Court. In their latest
filing, lawyers for the refugees allege that U.S. officials
have deliberately misled lower courts and the Supreme Court
throughout the tangled litigation over the forced
repatriations.
   The State Department reiterated yesterday that it has
found no solid evidence of persecution of Haitians. The
Immigration and Naturalization Service, an arm of the Justice
Department, has said, however, that it received reports from
some returnees that they had been persecuted last fall, after
Haiti's elected government was overthrown.
   The Justice Department yesterday played down the reports
received by the INS. A Justice Department spokesman, Douglas
Tillett, said, "The State Department is more attuned" to the
current situation in Haiti. State Department officials said
the INS essentially had been misled by refugees who didn't
want to be returned. The State Department officials said that
four reports of persecution provided by the INS had been
investigated by U.S. Embassy officials in Haiti, and had been
found to be inaccurate.
   The Supreme Court, at an earlier stage in the Haitian
litigation, voted 6-3 to clear the way for repatriations.
Only Justice Harry Blackmun said yesterday that he would
grant the refugees' request for a temporary order blocking
the forced returns, pending further court review.