Italy's Cariplo Bank
   To Raise Its Stake
   In State-Owned Bank
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
No financial terms of the agreement were disclosed, but
London merchant bank S.G. Warburg, according to unconfirmed
local press reports, last year valued IMI, based in Rome, at
6.8 trillion lire ($5.5 billion). The 21% stake that Cariplo
intends to buy would thus be worth about 1.4 trillion lire.
   The long-awaited acquisition is part of the Italian
government's effort to contain the budget deficit by selling
assets, as well as its desire to create a few large
multifunctional banking groups capable of competing on a
European scale.
   Although no merger between Cariplo and IMI is planned, the
two banking groups would have combined assets of more than
140 trillion lire, capital of more than 16 trillion lire and
net profit of around 800 billion lire.
   Meanwhile, the government's plan to sell some 15 trillion
lire worth of state companies and real estate to the private
sector by year end, once more ran into a snag as a top-level
meeting yesterday in Rome was postponed because of
differences of opinion among the ruling coalition partners.
   The Interministerial Committee on Economic Policy was
scheduled to decide yesterday which state companies would be
transformed from state "authorities" into limited liability
companies and how to proceed with their privatization.
   Although the meeting was formally postponed until next
week, a prominent Socialist, Biagio Marzo, president of
Parliament's Committee for State Industry, said that any
decision on the privatization policy should be delayed until
after the April 5-6 national elections.