British Joblessness
   Rises to 9%; Lenders
   Cut Mortgage Rates
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Economists doubt the rate cut will help slow the rise in
unemployment, however, or have any real impact on the
government's chances in the general election that has to be
held by the end of July.
   The new jobless data showed that the number of unemployed
rose by 30,100 in December after an increase of 40,800 in
November. The total number of unemployed climbed to 2.55
million.
   A Treasury spokesman commented that, apart from last
October, when unemployment rose by an exceptionally low
16,100, the December rise was the smallest in 16 months and
underscored that "the underlying upward trend moderated
substantially in 1991."
   The Treasury official added that the average monthly rise
slowed to 29,600 in the fourth quarter from 52,300 in the
third quarter and as much as 82,900 in the first quarter.
   However, Peter Warburton, an economist at Robert Fleming 
Co., suggested that the real December rise may have been as
high as 50,000 because not all people who lose their jobs
register for benefits. Those include wives of working
husbands as well as professionals who either aren't eligible
for benefits or are wealthy enough not to have to register,
he said.
   Like other economists, he also warned that monthly rises
in unemployment could pick up early this year as employers
start making new job cuts after the disappointing Christmas
retail season.