Petrie Stores Corp.,
   Jamesway Reverse
   Year-Earlier Losses
For the fiscal year, the 1,650-store chain reported net
income of $16 million, or 34 cents a share, vs. the prior
year's $3 million, or six cents a share. Sales rose 5.7% to
$1.4 billion from $1.3 billion.
   Jamesway Corp., also of Secaucus, said it posted net
income for the fiscal fourth quarter ended Feb. 1 of $2.4
million, or 17 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $16
million, or $1.16 a share, a year earlier. Sales fell 7.6% to
$254.5 million from $275.4 million.
   Jamesway said a change in its method of accounting for
last-in-first-out inventories resulted in a benefit of $2.7
million, or 19 cents a share, for the fourth quarter. The
year-earlier quarter included a charge of $10 million, or 74
cents a share, for store closings.
   For the fiscal year, the company reported a net loss of
$1.3 million, or nine cents a share, compared with a net loss
of $17.6 million, or $1.28 a share, in the prior year. The
prior year's results included a charge to earnings for store
closings of $11 million, or 80 cents a share, and a gain of
$3.7 million, or 27 cents a share, from an accounting change.
Sales fell 4.6% to $855.1 million from $896.6 million. The
chain operates 122 stores in seven states, compared with 134
stores a year ago.