U.S. Borrowings
   In 1st Period to Fall
   Short of Estimates
   ----
   By David Wessel
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Larger-than-anticipated sales of assets and reduced
expenditures by the Resolution Trust Corp., combined with
greater-than-anticipated Treasury borrowing in the closing
months of 1991 left the Treasury with $48.8 billion in cash
at the end of December; it had projected that it would have
$30 billion.
   In the last three months of 1991, the Treasury raised $81
billion from the sale of debt.
   The Treasury said that it expects to borrow between $70
billion and $75 billion in the April-June quarter. But Wall
Street analysts expect much larger borrowing requirements in
later quarters as the federal deficit swells.
   In its announcement, the Treasury gave no hint whether it
plans to shift some of its borrowing out of 10-year and
30-year securities and into shorter maturities. It is likely
to address that issue tomorrow when it gives the details of
next week's auctions.
   The following is a calendar of announcement and auction
dates for Treasury securities for the next three months:
   -- February: 52-week bills to be sold Thursday; 3-year
notes to be announced tomorrow and sold Feb. 11; 10-year
notes to be announced tomorrow and sold Feb. 12; 30-year
bonds to be announced tomorrow and sold Feb. 13; 2-year notes
to be announced Feb. 19 and sold Feb. 26; 5-year notes to be
announced Feb. 19 and sold Feb. 27;
   -- March: 52-week bills to be announced Feb. 28 and sold
March 5; 2-year notes to be announced March 18 and sold March
25; 5-year notes to be announced March 18 and sold March 26;
   -- April: 52-week bills to be announced March 27 and sold
April 2; 7-year notes to be announced April 1 and sold April
8; 2-year notes to be announced April 15 and sold April 22;
5-year notes to be announced April 15 and sold April 23;
52-week bills to be announced April 24 and sold April 30.