International:
   HSBC Holdings Says
   1991 Profit Climbed
   83% to $730.1 Million
The uncertain outlook for the world economy in 1992 is
likely to temper that performance this year, but analysts
nonetheless are predicting a 1992 earnings growth of between
20% and 40% for the group, based on its strong performance in
Asia.
   HSBC Holdings announced a final dividend of HK$1.31 a
share, which will lift the full-year payout to HK$1.85, up
nearly 20% from 1990.
   At a news conference, HSBC Holdings Chairman William
Purves said the group's earnings were "encouraging." He added
that the results could have been better had it not been for
provisions made for doubtful debts in the U.S. and elsewhere.
   The 1991 results reflected an exceptional gain of an
estimated HK$1.5 billion from the sale of the group's 6.6%
stake in
   Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd., the colony's flag carrier.
HSBC Holdings didn't disclose how big a transfer the group
made to its inner reserves last year, but Mr. Purves said the
amount was "in excess of the profit from the sale" of Cathay
shares.
   The parent's results fell within the upper range of
analysts' forecasts.
   Significant reductions in losses were recorded for its
Marine Midland Banks Inc. unit in the U.S. and Hongkong Bank
of Australia. One of the group's main capital market
divisions, James Capel Group, swung back into the black.
Losses from these three units were largely responsible for
1990's profit plunge.
   Hongkong Bank reported a profit of HK$5.87 billion. No
comparable figure was available for 1990.