What's News --
   Business and Finance
Consumer prices edged up 0.3% in December. For all last
year, the weak economy held prices to a 3.1% increase, the
smallest since 1986. Excluding food and energy, consumer
prices last year climbed 4.4%.
   ---
   China agreed to improve its protection of U.S. copyrights,
patents and trade secrets, ending a dispute in which the U.S.
threatened to impose stiff tariffs on Chinese goods.
   ---
   Digital Equipment posted a loss for the latest quarter on
a weak 4% revenue gain. The results, worse than expected,
sent Digital's stock down $4.25 to $54.75. The computer maker
said it will need more cost cutting.
   ---
   Stocks retreated slightly in very heavy trading, while
bond prices tumbled and the dollar declined. Treasury bond
prices fell 1 1/8 points.
   ---
   Lilly was ordered by a Texas judge to give studies of its
Prozac anti-depressant to a plaintiff's lawyer or face a $25
million judgment. The reports may help litigants nationwide
who claim Prozac causes violence.
   ---
   Coca-Cola plans to open a soft-drink plant and
distribution operations in Moscow on state-owned land.
   ---
   Mellon Bank posted a healthy fourth-quarter profit,
sending its stock up $2.75 to $39.25. Continental Bank's
profit rose more than expected; BankAmerica's fell slightly.
   ---
   The Senate's top Democrat called for a tax cut for the
middle class and new corporate tax breaks, putting him
generally in accord with Bush.
   ---
   The FCC proposed to allocate a large part of the radio
spectrum for pocket-telephone systems, interactive TV and
other new services.
   ---
   Salomon fired Thomas Hanley, the nation's best-known
banking analyst, after refusing to match an offer he received
from First Boston.
   ---
   A group linked to Italy's Agnelli family is obliged to bid
for a majority of Perrier, French authorities ruled.
   ---
   Mortgage rates jumped this week. The shift is likely to
intensify a frenzy of refinancings. Rates on 30-year
fixed-rate loans rose 0.2 points.
   ---
   Two Tele-Communications officials had more extensive links
to a BCCI affiliate than they acknowledged, a report by
auditors suggests.
   ---
   Bear Stearns's profit soared in the latest quarter,
extending a string of strong results for securities concerns.
The firm declared a special dividend.
   ---
   Manufacturers' optimism about their short-term prospects
rose slightly last month, a survey found, marking the first
rise in six months.
   ---
   London stock prices closed higher after partly retreating
from early gains. Tokyo share prices declined.
   ---
   Markets --
   Stocks: Volume 333,750,000 shares. Dow Jones industrials
3249.55, off 8.95; transportation 1445.81, up 14.38;
utilities 211.94, off 2.13.
   Bonds: Lehman Brothers Treasury index 4237.24, off 38.28.
   Commodities: Oil $18.91 a barrel, up six cents. Dow Jones
futures index 122.58, up 0.67; spot index 114.42, up 0.30.
   Dollar: 128.35 yen, off 0.30; 1.6173 marks, off 0.0077.