Health:
   Type A Mothers Are More Likely to Have
   Children With Their Personality Traits
   ----
   By Cathy Trost
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Though the finding brings to mind very small people in
pinstripes and power diapers, the research may help parents
understand more about differences in temperament among
newborns and how to provide for their own baby's needs.
   In the study, believed to be the first of its kind,
pregnant women who were rated Type A based on their high
levels of job involvement had babies who cried more on
average and were more intense and less predictable, according
to research by Dr. Steven Parker, director of the newborn
nursery at Boston City Hospital, and David Barrett, a Clemson
University psychologist.
   The reasons, the researchers speculate, range from genetic
to hormonal influences on the fetus in the intrauterine
environment and, to a lesser extent, the different ways
mothers handle their babies in the early days of life.
   But Dr. Parker cautions that the differences in
temperament can't be labeled good or bad. He says the babies
of Type A mothers weren't any more cranky or difficult than
other babies. He also says the conclusions are tentative and
need to be studied more.
   "I have this vision of a woman reading this study and
she's very Type A having her first baby, and she has a
fantasy of a cranky, irritable, Lee Iacocca coming out," he
says. "But we're saying that they have a greater chance of
having a baby who's more intense, more full of beans, who
responds to the environment more vigorously than a more
laid-back, mellow baby."
   The study's findings are controversial and are raising
questions from other researchers. Karen Matthews, a professor
of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh who has studied
Type A behavior in children, says her research hasn't found a
strong link between "familial contributions" and such
behavior. "If you've got a Type A parent, it's not
necessarily the case that you've got a Type A child," she
says.
   But some Type A women say the study's findings are a
relief. "This takes some of the weight off me," sighs L. Kim
Smith, who runs Metropolitan Mothers at Work Inc., a
Washington, D.C.-area parent resource center. "I'm up for
anything that says it's not environmental," says the Type A
mother of two Type A children.
   She's sure she has passed on her highachieving,
mega-active personality. "We just spent nine million hours
writing a report on Jesse Jackson," she says, "and my
daughter tearfully says to me, `Would you be real mad at me
if I got an A-minus?' and you realize, `Oh, God, what have I
done?'"
   People with aggressive, impatient, hard-charging
personality traits were first identified by researchers in
the late 1950s as exhibiting a kind of behavior -- labeled
Type A -- that was linked to higher rates of heart disease.
Some later studies have challenged the link to heart disease.
Meanwhile, Type A people are often society's achievers,
winning school and sports honors and going on to successful
careers.
   The research for the Pediatrics study focused on 73 middle
and upper income women attending a health maintenance
organization prenatal clinic in Cambridge, Mass., prior to
the birth of their first children. Virtually all of them
worked during the pregnancy, and two-thirds were working one
month before delivery.
   They filled out the Jenkins Activity Survey, a
questionnaire that is widely used to measure Type-A behavior,
along with questionnaires measuring their levels of anxiety
and use of alcohol, tobacco and other substances.
   More than half of the women who completed the study were
classified Type A on the job-involvement scale, which
measures not just workplace commitment but involvement in
mastering whatever task is before them. Fewer of the women
scored high on other scales, which measured traits of speed
and impatience and hard-driving/competitiveness. That led the
researchers to speculate that Type A behavior in women
changes as they adapt to pregnancy and motherhood.
   A total of 60 babies were examined. Of these, 32 had
mothers who were classified as Type A. About 48 hours after
the women delivered their babies, researchers who didn't know
the mothers' type examined the babies' reflexes and
responses. The length of time the infants spent crying during
the exam was recorded to measure how intensely they
responded, along with the length of time it took them to
settle down when consoled.
   Finally, when the babies were three months old, their
mothers filled out a questionnaire rating their infants'
behavior and temperament.
   The results, according to Dr. Parker: Women who were Type
A on the job-involvement scale had babies who on average
cried 40% more during the initial exam, though they were just
as easy to soothe as other babies.
   The babies were also rated by their mothers as reacting
more intensely to their environment and being more
unpredictable in their responses. But they didn't describe
the babies as being any less adaptable than other babies.
There was no correlation between the mothers' anxiety and the
infants' crying or other aspects of infant temperament.
   The study also found that Type A mothers were more likely
to be breastfeeding their infants at three months. The
researchers speculate that this is because they were more
involved with the "job" of breastfeeding. (Mothers who rated
Type A on the speed and impatience scale, however, were less
likely to be breastfeeding at three months.)
   Dr. Parker cautions that the study only looks at a small
part of the complex area of differences in newborn
temperament. "The same mother could have a completely
different child the next time," he says.
   That's true of Mary C. Hickey, the author of the
soon-to-be-published "Working Mother's Guilt Guide: Whatever
You're Doing It Isn't Enough" and a self-described taker of
two steps at a time. She says she has one Type A child and
one Type B child. Her two-year-old daughter is "the toddler
from hell," the type who "sits on the potty unraveling the
toilet paper, and if you close your eyes for two seconds
she's in my makeup case drawing with the lipstick, and she
can open the baby-proof Tylenol caps and I've had to
administer Ipecac to make her throw up as a result." But her
five-year-old son "is mellow and laid back."
   On the other hand, Carin Pratt, the senior producer of
CBS's "Face the Nation," who's currently on maternity leave,
says she's "about as Type A as you can get" yet her two sons
are "unbelievably laid back." She finds herself saying to her
almost three-year-old son "Hurry up and do that" when there's
no reason to hurry up. "That's my failing," she says. "I
should learn to slow down."
   Indeed, Dr. Parker says the study has practical
applications for child-rearing. "In the temperament field,
people talk about the goodness of fit," he says. "If you want
a baby who's full of beans and responds very intensely, then
it's real positive to have a baby like that." A more mellow
baby might not be such a good fit, but "people need to
respect that temperament and nurture that child and not try
to create a Type A child from a Type B child or vice versa."
   "I would think that it's the parents' job to see that it
didn't turn into negative patterns or patterns of failure or
anxiety," says T. Berry Brazelton, a professor of child
development at Harvard University.
   ---
           Testing for Type-A Personality Traits
                                                                                                       

   To score yourself, circle your response to each question
and add up the numbers in brackets next to the response to
get your total score.
                                                                                                       

   -- 1. Do you ever have trouble finding time to get your
hair cut or styled? Never {1}. Occasionally {10}. Almost
always {12}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 2. Is your everyday life filled mostly by. . . problems
needing solution? {34}. challenges needing to be met? {37}. a
rather predictable routine of events? {3}. not enough time to
keep you interested or busy? {13}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 3. How often do you actually "put words in a person's
mouth" in order to speed things up? Frequently {9}.
Occasionally {10}. Almost never {1}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 4. If you tell your spouse or a friend that you will
meet somewhere at a definite time, how often do you arrive
late? Once in a while {18}. Rarely {18}. Never late {3}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 5. When you have to wait in line at a restaurant, a
store or the post office, what do you do? Accept it calmly
{2}. Feel impatient but not show it {10}. Feel so impatient
that someone can tell I'm restless {12}. Refuse to wait in
line, and find ways to avoid such delays {12}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 6. How do you feel about competition on the job or in
outside activities? Prefer to avoid it {1}. Accept it because
it's a necessary evil {6}. Enjoy it because it's stimulating
{13}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 7. How was your temper when you were younger? Fiery and
hard to control {5}. Strong but controllable {26}. No problem
{26}. I almost never got angry {32}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 8. Would people you know well agree that you tend to
get irritated easily? Definitely yes {4}. Probably yes {11}.
Probably no {21}. Definitely no {11}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 9. Would people you know well agree that you have less
energy than most people? Definitely yes {4}. Probably yes
{1}. Probably no {11}. Definitely no {13}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 10. Would people you know well agree that you enjoy a
"contest" (competition) and try hard to win? Definitely yes
{16}. Probably yes {16}. Probably no {10}. Definitely no {1}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 11. When you are in a group, how often do other people
look to you for leadership? Rarely {0}. About as often as
they look to others {3}. More often than they look to others
{5}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 12. How much schooling did you receive? High school
graduate {11}. Trade or business school {13}. Some college
{18}. Graduated four-year college {36}. Postgraduate work
{38}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 13. When you were in school, were you an officer of any
group, such as student council, glee club, 4-H club, sorority
or fraternity, or captin of an athletic team? No {3}. Yes, I
held one such position {33}. Yes, I held two or more such
positions {33}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 14. How often do your daily activities "stir you into
action?" Less often than most people's activities {1}. About
average {9}. More often than most people's activities {17}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 15. Do you ever keep two jobs moving forward at the
same time by shifting back and forth rapdily from one to the
other? Never {2}. Yes, but only in emergencies {17}. Yes,
regularly {36}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 16. How often do you make yourself written lists to
help you remember what needs to be done? Never {1}.
Occasionally {5}. Frequently {9}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 17. Do you ever set deadlines or quotas for yourself at
home? No {1}. Yes, but only occasionally {6}. Yes, once a
week or more {12}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 18. When you have to work against a deadline, what is
the quality of your work? Better {20}. Worse {2}. The same
{8}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 19. If you were looking for a job, which would you
rather take? A job with somewhat higher pay, but less
prestige and challenge {2}. A job with more prestige and
challenge, but somewhat less pay {29}.
                                                                                                       

   -- 20. After you have been away from your normal daily
schedule for a week or more (such as a vacation), do you want
to. . . stay away longer if possible {0}? feel about ready to
return to your normal daily activities {2}? feel impatient
for the vacation to end so you can get back to your regular
schedule {3}?
                                                                                                       

   -- TOTAL. A raw score of 253 or more indicates you're a
Type A personality. A score of 252 or less indicates you're a
Type B. Remember, this is only one scale of Type A behavior.
                                                                                                       

   Source: the Jenkins Activity Survey, Job Involvement Scale