Algoma Reaches Pact
   With Major Holder
   On Restructuring Plan
Under the agreement, Algoma employees will still receive
60% of the restructured company's common equity in return for
wage concessions of about 124 million Canadian dollars
(US$105 million) over five years. Algoma's creditors and
preferred shareholders will receive the remaining 40% of the
company.
   Dofasco Inc., a Hamilton, Ontario, steelmaker, agreed to
give up its rights as a creditor and sole shareholder, in
return for C$150 million of Algoma tax losses. Dofasco will
also give Algoma C$30 million and provide a C$10 million
letter of credit. Dofasco acquired Algoma in 1988 and wrote
off its entire investment at the end of 1990.
   Under the new agreement, debenture holders will swap 60%
of the principal they are owed, or C$243.1 million, for a
newly created class of 5.5% preferred shares which are
cumulative, redeemable, convertible and non-voting.
   The Ontario government said it will guarantee C$110
million of Algoma credit facilities and provide retraining
programs for older workers.
   The restructured company will have a new 13-member board
of directors representing unionized workers, salaried
employees and management, Algoma said. Four of the board
members will represent unionized employees. The company's
employees, creditors and shareholders are expected to vote on
the agreement in April, Algoma said.