Who's News:
   Republic Health
   Names Charles Martin
   As Chairman, Chief
In an interview, Mr. Marsal, who remains a director, said
he stepped down because the company had an opportunity to
hire an executive with extensive hospital experience to help
it grow again. Mr. Martin left Healthtrust, a company spun
off in 1987 from Hospital Corp. of America, last fall to
pursue other interests.
   Mr. Martin said he hopes to improve operating results of
the company's hospitals and to begin acquiring more
acute-care hospitals and surgical centers. He said Republic
may tap the equity markets or take on added debt for
purchases.
   As part of his five-year employment agreement, the company
said Mr. Martin is buying one million common shares for $7.75
a share and received an option to buy 750,000 more shares at
$10.75 a share. In addition, the board approved a management
stock-option plan allowing senior managers to buy as many as
4.4 million shares, once the company's stock price reaches at
least $30. The stock-option agreements are subject to
shareholder approval at the annual meeting April 14.
   In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Republic
Health closed at $14.125, up 87.5 cents. Including Mr.
Martin's purchase and options, the company has about 19.5
million fully diluted shares outstanding.