Redemption Notices
ADAMS COUNTY, COLO., will redeem, on March 1, 1992,
$125,000 principal amount of its 7% industrial development
revenue bonds, series 1971, due March 1, 1995. United Bank of
Denver is trustee.
   CLEVELAND COUNTY, OKLA., HOME LOAN AUTHORITY will redeem,
on March 1, 1992, $16,885,000 principal amount of the
following single family mortgage revenue bonds, 1980 series
C: 11% due Sept. 1, 2005; and 11 1/4% due Sept. 1, 2011-12.
Bank of Oklahoma is trustee.
   CREEK COUNTY, OKLA., HOME FINANCE AUTHORITY will redeem,
on March 1, 1992, $16,495,000 principal amount of the
following single family mortgage revenue bonds, 1980 series
A, due March 1 of the indicated years: 10% due 1993-1994; 10
1/4% due 1995-98; and 10 3/4% due 2011-12. Bank of Oklahoma
is trustee.
   GENESEE COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY will
redeem, on March 1, 1992, $100,000 principal amount of its
6.375% revenue bonds, 1972 series A, due March 1, 1997.
Marine Midland Bank, New York, is trustee.
   MASSACHUSETTS BAY TRANSPORTATION AUTHORITY will redeem, on
March 1, 1992, the following general transportation system
bonds: 1982 series A, due March 1, 2002; and $1,535,000
principal amount of 1970 series A, due March 1, 2010. The
First National Bank of Boston is fiscal agent.
   PAYNE COUNTY, OKLA., HOME FINANCE AUTHORITY will redeem,
on March 1, 1992, $1,135,000 principal amount of the
following single family mortgage revenue bonds, 1980 series
A: 10.1% due 1992-93; 10.2% due 1994-95; and 11.125% due
Sept. 1, 2010. Bank of Oklahoma is trustee.
   POWDERLY, KY., INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BOARD will redeem,
on March 1, 1992, its 11 1/4% and 11 1/2% revenue bonds,
series A 1981, due March 1, 2007. Third National Bank,
Nashville, Tenn., is trustee.
   PUERTO RICO HOUSING FINANCE CORP. will redeem, on March 1,
1992, its FHA insured mortgage revenue bonds, fifth
portfolio. Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, New York, is
trustee.
   ROCK SPRINGS, WYO., will redeem, on March 1, 1992, its
industrial development revenue bonds, series 1982, due March
1, 1993-94 and 2002. First Interstate Bank of Denver is
trustee.
   ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MO., CHRISTIAN HOSPITAL NORTHWEST will
redeem, on March 1, 1992, $1,025,000 principal amount of its
first mortgage hospital bonds, series 1973. The Bank of Tokyo
Trust Co., New York, is trustee.
   WASHINGTON PUBLIC POWER SUPPLY SYSTEM will redeem, on
March 1, 1992, its revenue bonds, series 1965, due March 1,
2012. Key Bank of Washington is trustee.
   WOOD COUNTY, W.VA., will redeem, on March 1, 1992,
$370,000 principal amount of the following single family
residential mortgage revenue bonds, series A, due March 1 of
the indicated years: 6.5% due 1993; 6.6% due 1994; 6.7% due
1995; 6.8% due 1996; 6.85% due 1997; 6.9% due 1998; 6.95% due
1999; 7% due 2000; and 7.2% due 2011. One Valley Bank,
Charleston, W.Va., is trustee.
                                                                                                       

                        CORPORATES
                                                                                                       

   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT will
redeem, on March 19, 1992, its 7.4% Japanese yen bonds of
1984, due 1996. Industrial Bank of Japan is representative
commissioned company.