Business Brief:
   Zenith Electronics
   Posts Its First Profit
   For Quarter Since '88
In the fourth quarter of 1990, Zenith had a loss of $27.4
million, or $1.01 a share, including a charge of $7 million
to cover severance and other costs. Sales rose 5.6% to $399
million from $377.8 million.
   The company said industrywide color television sales to
dealers in the first five weeks of 1992 were reported to be
off by 13% from slow levels a year ago. Zenith said it
expects weak television industry conditions and the
production start-up of new "flat tension mask" color display
tubes and monitors to contribute to a loss for the first half
of 1992.
   Zenith said the improvement in the quarter was principally
due to cost-cutting measures, as well as increased sales of
consumer electronic products.
   Zenith said consumer electronics sales in the quarter rose
8% to $368 million from $342 million last year. The increase
is attributable to increased color TV shipments over last
year's level. Sales of parts fell 14% to $31 million from $36
million, primarily due to reduced shipments of electronic
assemblies and displays to automotive and computer customers.
   For 1991, Zenith posted a loss of $51.6 million, or $1.79
a share, compared with a loss of $54.2 million, or $2.02 a
share, for 1990. The loss in 1990 includes an $11 million
charge to discontinued operations for the computer products
business sold in December 1989.