World Markets:
   Tokyo Equities Climb on Reports of Changes
   Planned in Osaka to Check Stock-Index Futures
   ----
   By Quentin Hardy
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
On Wednesday, the Nikkei fell 161.24 points to close the
morning session at 21229.28.
   Trading volume on Tokyo's stock market Tuesday was
estimated at 180 million shares, which is considered low;
day-earlier volume was a meager 137.1 million shares. Gaining
issues outnumbered declining issues 548-350, while 203 issues
were unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all first
section issues, which lost 10.39 points Monday, rose 9.00 to
1583.47.
   Officials at both the Osaka exchange, which manages the
Nikkei futures contract, and the Tokyo bourse, where the
stocks that make up the index are traded, said that they were
still studying proposals to modify trading but hadn't made
any final decisions yet.
   Nonetheless, with changes merely being talked about, some
players rolled out of futures and into stocks, analysts said,
though they pointed out that the rumored changes wouldn't
seriously affect the way the market works. Instead, the rally
showed the continuing unease about the relationship between
stock futures and stocks themselves in Japan.
   "It was sentiment, not any direct impact," said Kathy
Matsui, a strategist at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Securities
Ltd. "Apparently, it boosted the Tokyo market as people got
out of futures."
   Neither full disclosure of the names of companies involved
in futures trading nor slightly shorter hours would seriously
affect trading, analysts said.
   The Osaka exchange already requires disclosure of the
names of brokers with arbitrage positions against the Tokyo
stock market. And disclosure of all futures players wouldn't
prove particularly embarrassing for foreign securities
houses, despite the widely held supposition that these
companies dominate the futures market.
   "The foreigners aren't that big," said Craig Chudler,
assistant director at UBS Phillips  Drew International Ltd.
"It's the Japanese companies that are increasing their trade
in futures." The advantage that foreign houses have in
futures is skill, not size, he said.
   The changes, analysts said, also wouldn't affect many of
the factors that cause volatility, other than the last-minute
shifts in the Osaka futures market after the Tokyo market
closes.
   The popularity of futures over stocks, which has led to
big shifts in stock values in Japan in recent weeks, is said
to result from relatively lower commission charges on futures
and from greater liquidity in the futures market.
   Moreover, futures, which cover a whole range of stocks,
provide relationship-sensitive Japanese institutions a way of
selling their market without targeting individual companies.
   Separately, Japan's Ministry of Finance is putting final
touches on a bill that would severely increase penalties for
share-price manipulation, officials said.
   The bill is to go before the Diet, or parliament, after
the middle of next month.
   Regulators dismissed as speculation Tokyo news reports
that fines for violations of the proposed law would be as
high as 300 million yen ($2.4 million), or 10 times the
current maximum penalty. But they said that fines would be
raised significantly from current levels.
   In London's subdued session, the Financial Times-Stock
Exchange 100-share index climbed 2.1 points to 2552.0,
slightly off the intraday high of 2553.3. The FT 30-stock
index rose 7.4 points to 1973.8. Volume was 551.8 million
shares, compared with 448.1 million a day earlier.
   Wall Street's strength was supporting London's rise, with
hopes in Britain that President Bush's State of the Union
message would offer positive messages for the ailing U.S.
economy that would spill over to Britain. Equities shrugged
off discouraging news about Britain's manufacturing-industry
costs and prices.
   In Frankfurt, the DAX 30-stock index edged down 0.50 point
to 1683.08 in light turnover. Market sentiment was undermined
by a likely steelworkers strike, talk of a possible recession
in western Germany and uncertainty about economic recoveries
in the U.S. and Britain.
   Among corporate developments, in London, Hanson dropped 6
1/2 pence, or 3%, to 208 pence ($3.70). The industrial
conglomerate reiterated at the annual meeting that it doesn't
currently plan a bid to take over Imperial Chemical
Industries. ICI shares, after fluctuating widely, eased 2
pence to #12.67 ($22.57).
   Fisons jumped 20 pence, or 5.7%, to 369 pence. The
pharmaceutical company said that after a plant refurbishing,
its Opticrom eye-allergy preparation was cleared by British
inspectors and relicensed to resume production. Gleptosil, an
eye treatment, also was cleared for release.
   Boots rose 4 to 463. The retailer's senior debt rating was
lowered to single-A-plus from double-A-minus by the European
rating concern IBCA; the move affects about #260 million
($463.1 million) of debt. IBCA, though it noted Boots's core
strength, cited large debt and continuing difficulties for
Britain-based retailers.
   Carlton Communications climbed 11, or 2%, to 569. The
television, film and radio producer unveiled an all-paper bid
for Pickwick Group that values the videotape and music
distributor at #67.8 million, or 241 pence a share, or 220
pence in an alternative cash offer. Carlton already holds
25.06% of Pickwick.
   In Frankfurt, Thyssen fell 1.20 marks to 219.60 marks
($136.22). The steel and engineering concern said group
profit for its first quarter, ended Dec. 31, dropped from a
year earlier despite an 8.3% rise in sales to 9.17 billion
marks ($5.69 billion). Thyssen didn't disclose earnings data.
It also predicted a decline in earnings for the year ending
Sept. 30.
   In Milan, shares weakened broadly as investors awaited
preliminary 1991 results from Fiat. The auto maker's ordinary
shares fell 50 lire to 5,120 lire ($4.23), but its savings
shares rose 44, or 1.1%, to 4,044 lire on dividend
expectations. After the market closed, Fiat said its 1991
consolidated operating profit plunged 70% to 636 billion lire
($525.2 million) on group revenue that edged up only 1.1% to
57.828 trillion lire.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                   %1991
                                Jan 27    Jan 24    Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. .....................   388.0     388.2    + 26.4
   Britain ..................   751.8     742.7    + 17.6
   Canada ...................   410.4     410.8    + 11.9

   France ...................   529.4     524.6    + 24.8
   Germany ..................   260.2     257.4    + 15.4
   Hong Kong ................  3331.5    3360.8    + 53.3
   Switzerland ..............   219.0     217.4    + 29.7
   Australia ................   341.8     341.8    + 27.6
   World index ..............   521.8     522.5    + 13.1