Business Brief:
   Gun Maker Colt's Files for Chapter 11
   And Picks Loomis as Its New Chairman
Colt's also said Anthony D. Autorino resigned as chairman
and chief executive officer. Mr. Autorino couldn't be reached
for comment. The company named Worth Loomis, president of the
Hartford Graduate Center, as chairman.
   Financial details weren't immediately available, but
Colt's said it has reached a pact with its primary creditors
-- Creditanstalt of Vienna and the Connecticut Development
Authority -- to obtain financing of as much as $10 million to
allow it to continue daily operations. The company listed
assets of $91 million and liabilities of $82 million.
   While a few companies have thrived by selling thousands of
small-caliber guns at cut-rate prices, makers of more
expensive guns such as Colt's have been battered by the
recession.
   In 1990, a coalition that included the Connecticut pension
fund, striking workers, private investors and Colt managers
bought the company from New York-based Colt Industries Inc.
The buy-out ended a four-year strike at the company and made
workers part-owners of the newly independent company. At the
time, Connecticut's Office of the Treasurer put up $25
million in pension funds for a 47% stake in the new company.
   Sam Colt started the company in 1836, and it went on to
produce the six-shooter known as the "gun that won the West"
and also the world-famous Colt 45 pistol.
   The company, which has about 925 employees, has been
struggling through the recession since the buy-out. It
received a boost during the Persian Gulf War when the exiled
Kuwaiti government ordered M16s for its army and police.
Colt's also received contracts recently to develop a new
handgun for the Navy and to supply rifles to Saudi Arabia.