New Securities Issues
notes and senior subordinated notes priced late Wednesday
through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co. The first
part, which consists of $175 million of senior notes due
March 1, 1999, was priced at par to yield 9.25%. The senior
notes are noncallable for five years. The issue is rated Ba-3
by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and double-B-minus by
Standard  Poor's Corp. The second part, which consists of
$125 million of senior subordinated notes due June 1, 2002,
was priced at par to yield 9.75%. The senior subordinated
notes are noncallable for five years, then callable at
104.875 in 1999. The issue is rated single-B-2 by Moody's and
single-B by SP.
   Mitchell Energy  Development Corp. -- $250 million of
senior notes due Jan. 15, 2002, priced late Wednesday at par
to yield 9.25%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread
of 182 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note. Rated
Ba-1 by Moody's and triple-B-minus by SP, the issue will be
sold through underwriters led by First Boston Corp.
   Shopko Stores Inc. -- $200 million, two-part issue of
senior notes priced through underwriters led by Goldman,
Sachs  Co. The first part, which consists of $100 million of
senior notes, due March 15, 2002, was priced as 8 1/2% at
99.633 to yield 8.56%. The noncallable notes were priced at a
spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
The issue is rated Baa-2 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP.
The second part, which consists of $100 million of senior
notes, due March 15, 2022, was priced as 9 1/4% at 99.425 to
yield 9.31%. The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of
135 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond. The issue
is rated Baa-2 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by SP.
   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $200 million of
medium-term notes, due March 12, 2002, priced as 8.05% at 99
7/8 to yield 8.07% initially. The medium-term notes will be
reoffered at various prices. The issue, noncallable for one
year, was priced at a spread of 61 basis points above the
comparable Treasury security. The issue is not rated.
   General Nutrition Inc. -- $135 million of senior
subordinated notes, due March 1, 2000, priced at par to yield
11.375%. The notes are noncallable for five years, then
callable at 102.843. The notes are then callable at 101.422
on March 1, 1998, and at par from March 1, 1999, until
maturity. Rated single-B-3 by Moody's and single-B-minus by
SP, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by
Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette Securities Corp.
                                                                                                       

                        MUNICIPALS
                                                                                                       

   New York City -- $106.6 million of general obligation
capital appreciation bonds (zero-coupon bonds), Fiscal 1992
Series D, due Feb. 1, 1997-2012, priced by a Prudential
Securities Inc. group to yield from 6.75% in 1997 to 7.65% in
2010-2012. The bonds are rated Baa-1 by Moody's and
single-A-minus by SP.
                                                                                                       

                         MORTGAGES
                                                                                                       

   Federal National Mortgage Association -- $500 million of
real estate mortgage investment conduit securities offered by
Prudential Securities Inc. The offering, Series 1992-58, is
backed by Fannie Mae 8% mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $200 million of Remic
securities offered by J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. The
offering, Series Gold 1249, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 9%
mortgage securities.
   Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $100 million of Remic
securities offered by Kidder Peabody  Co. The offering,
Series Gold 1248, is backed by Freddie Mac Gold 9% mortgage
securities.

                         EQUITIES
                                                                                                       

   Dames  Moore Inc. -- An initial offering of 5.75 million
shares, priced at $20 a share through underwriters led by
Kidder Peabody  Co.
   Clayton Homes Inc. -- An offering of two million shares
priced at $22.25 a share through underwriters led by Merrill
Lynch  Co.
   Valero Energy Corp. -- An offering of 2.5 million shares
priced at $30 a share through underwriters led by Lehman
Brothers Inc.
   Reader's Digest Association Inc. -- An offering of 4.5
million class B shares priced at $48 a share through
underwriters led by Goldman Sachs  Co.
   DSG International Ltd. -- An initial offering of 2.85
million shares priced at $17 a share through underwriters led
by Merrill Lynch  Co.
   American Income Holdings Inc. -- An initial offering of
4.55 million shares priced at $19 a share through
underwriters led by Morgan Stanley  Co. The size of the
offering was increased from the originally planned four
million shares.
                                                                                                       

                         EUROBONDS
                                                                                                       

   Commercial Union PLC (U.K.) -- #100 million of 10 3/4%
Eurobonds due March 20, 2002, issue price 100.836 via
Kleinwort Benson Ltd. Offered to investors at an initial
fixed price of 99.236, margin 1.10 points above the 9 3/4%
gilt due 2002. Guarantor Commercial Union Assurance PLC. Fees
2.
   British Gas International Finance N.V. (U.K. parent) --
200 million European currency units of 9% Eurobonds due March
30, 1994, at issue price 101.075 via Swiss Bank Corp. Offered
to investors at initial fixed price of 100.10 to yield 8.94%.
Guarantor British Gas PLC. Fees 1 1/8.
   European Investment Bank (Agency) -- 20 billion yen of 5%
Eurobonds due Feb. 13, 1995, at initial fixed price of 99.55
via Daiwa Europe Ltd. Yield 5.17% at the initial fixed offer
price. Will trade interchangeably with 60 billion yen
identical existing bonds. Fees 3/16.
   Victoria Public Finance Authority (Australia) -- 200
million Australian dollars of zero-coupon Eurobonds due April
16, 2002, at issue price 35.80 via Hambros Bank Ltd.
Guarantor Treasurer of Victoria. Fees 1 3/8.
   AB Spintab (Swedish parent) -- 150 million marks of 8 1/2%
bonds due April 8, 1997, at 102 1/4 to yield 7.94% via
Merrill Lynch AG. Fees 2.
   Bayerische Hypotheken-  Wechselbank AG (Germany) -- 200
million Dutch guilders of 8 1/4% bonds due April 15, 1997, at
100.40 and re-offered at 99.60 to yield 8.35% via Rabobank
Nederland. Fees 1.
   Eurofima (Supranational) -- 750 million Austrian
schillings of 8 1/4% bonds due April 1, 1994, at 101 3/8 to
yield 7.48% via Girozentrale  Bank der Oesterreichischen
Sparkassen AG. Fees 1 1/4.

with equity-purchase warrants, due March 26, 1996, at par via
Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale. Warrants exercisable
from April 20, 1992, to March 19, 1996. Fixing date March 11.
Fees 2 1/4.
   Nohmi Bosai Ltd. (Japan) -- 70 million marks of 4 3/8%
bonds with equity-purchase warrants due March 26, 1996, at
par via Daiwa Europe (Deutschland) G.m.b.H. Warrants
exercisable from April 9, 1992, to March 12, 1996. Fixing
date March 9. Fees 2 1/4.