Ex-Owner of Lamar
   Sentenced to 4 Years
   For Role in Thrift
   ----
   By Christi Harlan
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Mr. Adams, along with three former officers of the thrift
and a Lamar Savings borrower, were sentenced by U.S. District
Judge James Nowlin in Austin.
   The borrower, real-estate developer Louis G. Reese III of
Dallas, was sentenced to five years in federal prison. Mr.
Reese had also pleaded guilty to federal charges related to
loans from Lamar and is cooperating in other federal
thrift-fraud investigations.
   Former thrift officers Milton R. Perry of Houston and
Reuben Coleman of Austin were convicted of fraud charges in a
trial last October. Mr. Perry, who was working for the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. at the time of his
indictment, was sentenced to four years in federal prison, to
be followed by five years' probation. Mr. Coleman was
sentenced to three years in federal prison and five years'
probation.
   Messrs. Perry, Coleman and Reese were also ordered to
share in making restitution of $9.2 million. Mr. Adams wasn't
ordered to pay restitution because of a previous settlement
with federal thrift regulators, but he was fined $250,000.
Lamar's former head of commercial lending, Merrick Leler, who
had pleaded guilty to two charges, was sentenced to five
years' probation.