Business Brief:
   Lindsay Earnings Fell
   17% in Its 2nd Period;
   Stock Price Declines
The news sent the company's shares down $2 to $35.50 in
over-the-counter trading.
   Lindsay said the year-earlier results were stronger than
normal due in part to increased Middle East sales. The bulk
of those sales would normally have been recognized in the
first quarter, but were delayed last year because of
uncertainty in the region, the company said.
   Additionally, Lindsay said the "ongoing recession" damped
demand for its manufacturing services, resulting in a 32%
decline in revenue for its diversified products operation in
the first half. That business, which makes components and
parts for manufacturers, contributes about 11% of the
company's sales.
   Those results were partially offset by an 18% increase in
revenue for the company's irrigation equipment operation,
which contributes about 89% of total sales. That business
benefited from "strong demand and a favorable pricing
environment," Lindsay said.
   n the six-month period, Lindsay's earnings jumped 30% to
$5.2 million, or $1.08 a share, from $4 million, or 86 cents
a share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 12% to $52.4 million
from $47 million.
   For the remainder of fiscal 1992, Lindsay said its backlog
reflects continued strong demand for irrigation equipment.
But the diversified products business will "probably remain
depressed until the economy more fully recovers," the company
said.