Washington Public
   Power Signs Proposal
   To Settle GE Suit
The memorandum came days before a trial was to have begun
in federal court in Palm Desert, Calif., where it had been
moved from eastern Washington. In the case, WPPSS alleges
that it had to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to make
its No. 2 plant safe and reliable after a defective design
for the plant's nuclear-containment vessel was discovered in
the late 1970s. A mistrial was declared last July in the case
after federal jurors in Arizona couldn't reach a unanimous
verdict.
   As part of the settlement talks, WPPSS is negotiating with
the Siemens Nuclear Power Corp. unit of Siemens AG, Munich,
Germany, to drop a separate lawsuit filed last fall. In that
suit, Siemens Nuclear said that by accepting nuclear fuel and
other goods and services from GE in any settlement, WPPSS
would improperly be, in effect, "foreclosing Siemens Nuclear
and others from bidding competitively" for the WPPSS fuel
business. Siemens has been providing nuclear fuel for the
WPPSS No. 2 plant for five years.
   Siemens Nuclear is reviewing the settlement memorandum
between WPPSS and GE, but so far "we haven't made a final
decision" whether to drop the suit, an attorney for Siemens
Nuclear said.