Charles Schwab
   Earnings Jumped
   In Fourth Period
   ----
   By Richard B. Schmitt
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, Schwab reported net of
$16.1 million, or 41 cents a share, compared with net of $1
million, or three cents a share, a year earlier. Analysts had
predicted fourth-quarter earnings of upwards of 37 cents a
share for Schwab, according to a Zacks Investment survey. In
late New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, Schwab was
quoted at $35.625, up $2.625.
   Schwab said fourth-quarter revenue jumped 42% to $223.1
million from $156.7 million a year earlier. The brokerage
firm handled an average of 19,500 trades a day in the latest
quarter, compared with 11,900 a year earlier.
   Moreover, Schwab said through Monday it had handled an
average 32,900 trades a day in January, indicating the month
would finish as by far its busiest ever, compared with the
previous record of 22,600 trades it handled in February 1991.
Charles R. Schwab, chairman, said in an interview that he
expected earnings for the first quarter would be
"substantially better" than the latest fourth quarter, which
was a record. The company reported net of $10.6 million, or
41 cents a share, in the 1991 first quarter. On Dec. 2, the
company completed a 3-for-2 stock split.
   For the year, Schwab reported net of $49.5 million, or
$1.27 a share, on revenue of $795.2 million, compared with
net of $16.8 million, or 41 cents a share, on revenue of
$625.9 million, in 1990.
   The tax claim primarily involves the deductibility of the
amortization and depreciation of customer account
information, software and fixed assets that Schwab acquired
as part of the $335 million buy-out from BankAmerica. The
claim is for two tax periods ended in 1988, but Schwab said
the issues being contested extend through the 1991 tax year.
   The company said it had been involved in a similar dispute
about 10 years ago, and that "management is confident that
the resolution of these issues will not have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition of the company."