Letters to the Editor:
   Bogyman Will Get Us
   If We Don't Watch Out
KCRW's campaign focused on breaking the secret hold a
small group of senators placed on public broadcasting's
appropriation and urged bringing the funding bill to the
floor, where it could be debated openly. KCRW receives only
10% of its budget from the Corporation for Public
Broadcasting -- a fact we repeatedly announced.
   We also disclosed the widely held conviction that it was
the refusal of NPR and PBS to remove Nina Totenberg as an
anchor of the Thomas-Hill hearings that triggered the hold.
This is indeed a First Amendment issue, if true, and one that
we hope will interest you as much as the reporters'
confidential sources.
   The danger to public broadcasting is not a golemical
fantasy. Though the hold was broken by a bipartisan vote of
87-7, federal funding still has not been authorized. There
are now amendments afoot that would make the CPB a federal
agency with the door open to government-owned and -controlled
broadcasting. Even the inviolate principle of local station
control is being challenged.
   You characterize KCRW's staff, some of whom have been in
public radio for more than 30 years, as "pitchmen and women .
. . expert in the art of persuading citizens to send money,
quick." Gee, you write, "pledge money has been pouring in,"
as if somehow this is an elaborate con game we're playing on
the poor boob of an audience.
   The people who support KCRW publish, edit and write for
major newspapers and magazines. They make movies, produce
records, head corporations; they're computer gurus and space
wizards.
   Just who do you think listens to National Public Radio's
news magazines? The audience for "Morning Edition" and "All
Things Considered" are the same folks who read The Wall
Street Journal. I should know. I'm a subscriber.
   Ruth Hirschman
   KCRW
   Santa Monica, Calif.