Abreast of the Market:
   Blue Chips Lift Industrials by 6.49,
   But Tone Is Mixed As Volume Rises
   ----
   By Robert Steiner
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Advancing issues outpaced decliners, 935 to 774, on the
Big Board, where volume swelled to 200,110,000 shares from
184,390,000 Monday.
   For nearly a month, the industrial average has moved
between 3225 and 3275. Some analysts say holding within this
range indicates an "internal correction" is occurring. Unlike
a regular correction, which is a temporary decline of the
overall market as investors back away from stocks, an
internal correction consists of investors' taking profits on
certain issues while lapping up others. Because these
investors remain in the market, there is little change
overall.
   People who think an internal correction is going on note,
for instance, that trading sessions frequently feature buying
frenzies in a specific sector that investors have assessed as
cheap relative to other parts of the market. Such moves don't
reflect any fundamentally brighter outlook for the sector or
group, but just a passing fancy that can quickly disappear.
   Yesterday, for example, many oil-related stocks gave up
gains registered Monday, following two bullish articles in
Barron's. Mobil fell 1 5/8 to 63 3/8; Chevron lost 3/8 to 65
3/8; and Exxon dropped 1/4 to 58 1/8.
   But steel stocks, which fell Monday, were in favor
yesterday. Nucor gained 3 3/4 to 99; Birmingham Steel jumped
1 1/4 to 26 1/4; and Oregon Steel added 2 1/8 to 21 1/8.
   Shares of some major banks fell yesterday after rising
Monday. J.P. Morgan lost 1 1/4 to 59 3/8 and Chase Manhattan
lost 5/8 to 23 3/8. But Bankers Trust fell both days,
yesterday dropping 1 7/8 to 61 5/8.
   "This kind of action seems to happen almost on cue," said
John Burnett, senior vice president at Donaldson, Lufkin 
Jenrette. "You see one or two stocks get hit up, and then
banged down every day."
   But Mr. Burnett warned that "after a while you start to
run out of groups to bid up." When that happens, the market
is poised for a broad correction.
   Larry Keblusek, a senior vice president at Northern Trust
in Chicago, suggests the market might not move into
correction mode until it gets a clear signal on the direction
of interest rates. But that signal won't come from the
results of this week's U.S. Treasury auction.
   "The bond auctions are unimportant, because no one knows
the ultimate fate of policy decisions to be made in
Washington now," he said. "If Greenspan eases {rates}, and
the administration and Congress play one-upmanship trying to
stimulate the economy more than the other, then we could get
into a position of high inflation and high interest rates."
   Dillard Department Stores added 4 1/2 to 131 1/2. Alex.
Brown  Sons analyst Robert F. Buchanan repeated his "strong
buy" rating on the stock.
   Federal Express gained 3 1/2 to 47 3/4 in heavy trading of
1,540,000 shares, nearly 10 times its daily average. Morgan
Keegan analyst David Guthrie boosted his rating to
"accumulate" from "source of funds" (meaning raise cash by
selling the stock). The courier company would benefit from an
economic upturn in the U.S. and Europe this year, he said.
   Dataram jumped 4 7/8 to 31 1/4. The maker of
minicomputer-related products reported earnings of 75 cents a
share for the 1992 fiscal third quarter, ended Jan. 31, up
from 32 cents a share a year ago. The company also said its
third-quarter revenue, $10.99 million, was the highest in its
history.
   American depositary receipts of British Airways climbed 5
to 44 7/8 after the airline reported that earnings for the
third quarter, ended Dec. 31, were twice analysts'
expectations. Earnings for the first nine months, however,
were 16% below a year earlier because of depressed economic
conditions in both Britain and North America, the company
said.
   Shaw Industries jumped 1 3/4 to 45 3/4, its second strong
rise this week. Shares of the carpet maker rose 4 1/8 Monday
after it announced that it would acquire Salem Carpet Mills
in a $65 million merger.
   Margaretten Financial dropped 5/8 to 18 1/2. The mortgage
banker completed an initial public offering of 15 million
shares at $20 a share last Wednesday.
   Greyhound advanced 1 1/2 to 10 3/8, after Legg Mason Wood
Walker issued an initial "buy" recommendation on the stock.
Analyst Jan H. Loeb said shares of the bus company would rise
to "at least" 15 this year, and predicted the company would
earn $1.50 a share in 1992. Mr. Loeb said that, after
emerging from bankruptcy court on Oct. 31, a leaner Greyhound
is poised to profit from its dominant position as a national
bus company.
   The American Stock Exchange Market Volume Index edged up
0.32 to 415.46.