MCI Posts Increase
   In Profit of 13%
   For Fourth Period
   ----
   By John J. Keller
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Fourth-quarter net was $144 million, or 52 cents a share,
compared with $127 million, or 47 cents a share, in the
year-earlier period. Revenue rose to $2.16 billion from $2
billion. The number of common shares outstanding increased to
262 million from 255 million. Operating income grew 8.7% to
$276 million from $254 million.
   For the year, MCI reported profit of $551 million, or
$2.01 a share. While that is 84% increase from 1990's $299
million, or $1.06 a share, MCI's 1990 results had been
reduced by a $550 million third-quarter charge against
earnings to account for a network modernization program.
Revenue in 1991 grew 9.8% to $8.43 billion from $7.68
billion. Operating income was $1.09 billion compared with
$620 million, reflecting the third-quarter charge.
   MCI's interest expenses declined by $20 million to $47
million in the quarter, and while depreciation expenses
climbed by almost $120 million, that was one-fourth of the
third-quarter increase.
   Analysts said MCI held its own in a tough economy and
actually showed volume growth for the year that was almost
twice the industry rate. MCI said traffic volume grew 11.6%
last year, compared with about 6% for the industry and 2.6%
for the third-quarter, an indication of a gain in market
share because American Telephone  Telegraph Co.'s volume
grew 2%.
   However, revenue growth from the third to fourth quarters
was flat and "there was no improvement in operating margins
of 12.8% between the third and fourth quarter," indicating
increased sales expenses, said Jack B. Grubman,
telecommunications analyst at PaineWebber Inc. Moreover,
noted Robert B. Morris III, analyst at Goldman Sachs  Co.,
"their new Friends and Family marketing program is a big
price cut," which will affect revenue and margins going
forward into 1992.
   "There was a seasonal problem in the fourth quarter where
(Christmas and New Year's) holidays fell in the middle of the
week in December, cutting business traffic," said O. Gene
Gabbard, MCI's chief financial officer. "We grew 1 1/2 to two
times the market and in this tough economy that's awfully
good."
   Mr. Morris agreed that an improvement in the economy in
1992 would "atone for a multitude of sins in the industry
such as price cutting and increased marketing and sales
expenses," but for now MCI can expect increased marketing
expenses in 1992 to push new service programs.
   But Mr. Gabbard doesn't expect the margin pressure to
abate. "I wouldn't expect a radical change (at MCI), just
steady kind of growth pattern. Frankly we don't expect a
change in the economy through the first half of the year."