Technology  Health:
   LSI Logic to Offer
   New Technology
   For `Core' Chips
   ----
   By Stephen Kreider Yoder
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
Makers of everything from computers to video cameras are
increasingly seeking to reduce the size and cost of their
products by using a few chips that combine circuits that
would normally occupy dozens of separate chips on circuit
boards. Chip makers such as Motorola Inc., Schaumburg, Ill.,
and Intel Corp., Santa Clara, Calif., make chips that combine
microprocessor cores with other circuits, but those chips
give the buyer little flexibility to decide what additional
circuits are printed on the chip.
   LSI's chips, on the other hand, will allow customers to
freely combine a processor with electronic building blocks
from LSI's library of specialized circuits and with circuits
of the customer's own design. LSI said one customer has
already used its new technology to design a chip that will
appear in an extra-small laser printer this year. Another
customer has designed a chip that shrinks the "brain" of a
smart bomb.
   LSI initially will offer chips with microprocessor cores
using chip architectures designed by Sun Microsystems Inc.,
Mountain View, Calif., and by Mips Computer Systems Inc.,
Sunnyvale, Calif. But Brian Halla, who manages LSI's
microprocessor operations, said the company "will look at
additional cores." He wouldn't rule out the possibility that
LSI might eventually use cores based on microprocessors from
companies such as Intel, Digital Equipment Corp., Maynard
Mass., or International Business Machines Corp., Armonk, N.Y.
   LSI expects sales of the new CoreWare products to make up
10% of revenue in 1993 and 20% in 1994, the company's
chairman and chief executive, Wilfred Corrigan, in an
interview. Mr. Corrigan, called the new chips "a major
change" in LSI's strategy, adding that the "strategy change
will be the parent of hundreds of products in the future" for
LSI.