World Markets:
   Tokyo Stocks Rebound on Intervention
   Against Dollar; London Shares Firm
   ----
   A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
On Tuesday in Tokyo, the Nikkei index eased 65.33 points
to close the morning session at 21259.65.
   Monday's first-section volume was estimated at 200 million
shares, little changed from 197.5 million shares in the
previous session. Despite the Nikkei's rebound, first-section
losers outnumbered gainers, 480-416, and 223 finished
unchanged. The Tokyo Stock Price Index, or Topix, of all
first-section issues, which fell 30.77 points Friday, edged
up 4.52 points to 1559.83.
   The stock market weakened in the morning on the dollar's
strength and a continuing Japanese political scandal, and the
Nikkei fell to its low of the year, 20574.01. But the late
wave of central-bank dollar sales and the resulting rebound
in the yen helped push bond prices higher. This combination
sparked a late wave of covering short positions on the
bourse, following the previous four sessions' big drop on the
Nikkei and a plunge in March futures prices last week. The
Monday rise in futures prices pulled Nikkei stock prices
higher on index-related arbitrage buying.
   In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share
index rose 27.1 points, or 1.1%, to 2541.0, which also was
the intraday high. The FT 30-stock index advanced 19.7
points, or 1%, to 1970.6. Volume, though, was 465.5 million
shares, compared with 593.1 million shares in the previous
session.
   The London market's rise caught many investors by
surprise. Many participants had been anticipating another
week of downward drift amid sketchy corporate or economic
news. In addition, nervousness about the British general
election and the coming fiscal 1993 budget was expected to
have capped any upward thrust for stock prices. But shares
were led higher by early futures-related buying and some
bullish weekend news reports. The initial gains found many
dealers wrongly positioned, sending them scrambling to take
positions in blue-chip leaders. Expectations of an
interest-rate cut also sparked some buying interest after
weekend comments by Germany's central bank president that
German interest rates aren't likely to move higher. But
London's thin turnover also was attributed to the absence of
Wall Street players because of a U.S. holiday.
   In Frankfurt, share prices ended mixed, as little
market-moving news emerged. The DAX 30-stock index added 4.59
points to 1681.07. The market was damped by the mixed to
lower close Friday on Wall Street but was helped by Monday's
firmer finish in Tokyo and higher prices in London. The
Frankfurt market remained in its consolidation phase, in
which it has been difficult to break through the 1700 level
on the DAX. Equities also were being undermined by a weak
German bond market, with many investors holding to the
sidelines temporarily.
   Most European bourses posted slight advances or finished
mixed. In Paris, stocks climbed steadily to end higher,
though trading was subdued by the U.S. holiday. Amsterdam's
modest rise came on support for most stocks from light
options-related demand, combined with a general lack of
selling interest.
   Hong Kong shares fell sharply, as profit-takers move in as
expected after last week's huge gain. Sentiment also was
damped in Hong Kong by a government report, released Friday,
showing an increase in residential apartment vacancies from a
year earlier. Taipei shares plunged, after reports that
Taiwan's central bank had temporarily put on hold
applications from foreign fund companies for their
investments in the local market; a bank official was quoted
as saying that the suspension was aimed at helping relieve
upward pressure on the local currency against the U.S.
dollar. Also, the record high margin-account loans
outstanding have caused investors to worry, in view of
Taiwan's political tensions. Manila shares tumbled,
continuing a technical correction after a runup in the year's
first 20 days, and reacting to Manila's water problems,
presidential campaign concerns and the possible eruption of a
volcano south of the capital. But Wellington stocks gained
broadly on positive sentiment following interest-rate cuts by
commercial banks last week and improving corporate earnings
prospects.
   Among corporate developments, in Milan, Ing C. Olivetti
common rose 45 lire, or 1.7%, to 2,745 lire ($2.25). The
computer maker signed a labor accord with unions and the
government to cut the Olivetti work force by 1,500. The
agreement fell short of Olivetti's initial plan, announced
last month, to cut about 2,200 positions from its its
payroll. Olivetti has launched a restructuring plan in an
effort to trim its costs and maintain competitiveness in the
face of the slump in the European computer market.
                                                                                                       

   Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets,
as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International
Perspective, Geneva. To make them directly comparable, each
index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100. The
percentage change is since year-end.
                                                                                                       

                                                    % This
                              Feb 14      Feb 13      Year
                                                                                                       

   U.S. ......................   385.8       386.5     - 1.1
   Britain ...................   745.4       747.1     + 1.1
   Canada ....................   404.0       405.0     + 2.1
   Japan .....................   898.1       917.2     - 9.2
   France ....................   527.1       530.5     + 5.3
   Germany ...................   260.8       260.8     + 7.2
   Hong Kong .................  3516.0      3515.6    + 13.6
   Switzerland ...............   219.5       221.0     + 7.0
   Australia .................   344.9       345.3     - 1.8
   World index ...............   513.2       518.1     - 4.1
                                                                                                       

                 Weekly Percentage Leaders
                                                                                                       

   Last week's best and worst performing stocks among those
issues that make up 80% of the world's stock market
capitalization (in local currency)
                                                                                                       

 ISSUE (COUNTRY)                         CLOSE   %CHG
                                                                                                       

                       WINNING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Mountleigh Group (Britain) .........    0.100   + 42.9
   Maxus Energy (U.S.) ................    8.000   + 33.3
   Unisys (U.S.) ......................   10.750   + 32.3
   Wang Laboratories B (U.S.) .........    4.875   + 25.8
   Carter Hawley Hale (U.S.) ..........    2.000   + 23.1
   Auxiliare d'Enterprises (France) ... 1112.000   + 20.9
   Lone Star Industries (U.S.) ........    4.625   + 19.4
   Elkem A (Norway) ...................   62.000   + 17.0
   European Leisure (Britain) .........    0.070   + 16.7
   Rowan Cos. (U.S) ...................    6.625   + 15.2
                                                                                                       

                      LOSING ISSUES
                                                                                                       

   Camdev (Campeau) (Canada) ..........   15.000   - 31.8
   Cartier Burgo Ord (Italy) .......... 8370.000   - 15.5
   Domtar (Canada) ....................    6.000   - 14.3
   Nissan Fire  Marine (Japan) ....... 1690.000   - 14.2
   Osaka Titanium (Japan) ............. 1050.000   - 13.9
   Nippon Carbon (Japan) .............. 1730.000   - 13.5
   Godo Shusei (Japan) ................ 1980.000   - 12.8
   Burton Group (Britain) .............    0.345   - 12.7
   Minolta Camera (Japan) .............  455.000   - 11.7
   Hufvudstaden A (Sweden) ............   38.000   - 11.6
                                                                                                       

   Source: Morgan Stanley Capital Intl. Perspective