Who's News:
   Ex-Salomon Official
   To Take Lehman Post
   At American Express
The move by Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., a unit of
American Express Co., is a bid to beef up its international
group. Mr. Tyree will report to Steven Spiegel in managing
Lehman's 1,000-member international group, and will head all
the international operations based in London. Mr. Spiegel,
chairman of Lehman Brothers International, will no longer run
the London operations; instead, he will focus on building
client relationships in the rest of Europe, people familiar
with Lehman said.
   "Dan is going to be the nuts-and-bolts guy forcing the
(various Lehman international operations) to work together,"
said a senior Lehman official. "Steven is going to focus on
the external" business contacts, the official said.
   Mr. Tyree, 43 years old, couldn't be reached for comment.
Shearson Lehman declined to comment.
   Before running Salomon's junk department, Mr. Tyree headed
the Salomon Inc. unit's international investment-banking
operations out of London. "Dan was one of the most
experienced bankers Salomon ever produced, and did highly
sophisticated structured transactions before the term `high
yield' was invented," said a former Salomon colleague.
   Mr. Tyree, a 17-year Salomon veteran and managing
director, ran Salomon's high-yield operations for 2 1/2
years, overseeing a staff of about 60 in sales, trading,
research and capital markets.