SEC Gets Results
   Of New York Probe
   Of Bond Purchase
   ----
   By Constance Mitchell
   Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
First Boston, a unit of CS First Boston Inc., was lead
manager on $1.06 billion of general obligation bonds sold by
New York City last week. The city intended to use a small
portion of the proceeds from the bond sale to repurchase
about $84 million of taxable bonds outstanding.
   In a letter to the SEC's enforcement division, attorneys
at Lord Day  Lord said the city learned March 3 for the
first time that First Boston owned about $13 million of the
bonds the city planned to repurchase. That was the same day
as the bond sale, but the attorneys said the discovery came
in the evening, after the bonds were priced. The city said
First Boston purchased the bonds in late February.
   The city said it immediately requested that First Boston
provide the city with all relevant information regarding the
purchase. Among other things, the city sought to determine
whether any securities laws were violated, including insider
trading, and whether First Boston had planned to profit on
the bond purchase by selling the bonds back to the city at a
higher price than it paid. The city also sought to determine
whether the bond purchases by First Boston affected the
city's legal ability to complete the bond offering.
   In a statement, First Boston's president and chief
executive officer, Archibald Cox Jr., said the firm bought
the $13 million of bonds as the city's agent and was
"dismayed that anyone felt some ambiguity existed regarding
the possibility that First Boston intended to mark up the
price."
   Although Lord Day  Lord said it didn't find proof of any
improprieties, the law firm told the SEC that "because of
ambiguities in the underlying circumstances and the fact that
our investigation is continuing, we have been unable to
provide the city with any definitive conclusion," regarding
First Boston's intentions with regards to the bond purchase.