International:
   Allied-Lyons Groups
   To Be Restructured
   By Business, Location
   ----
   Special to The Wall Street Journal
Allied-Lyons also said it aims to improve its
international development under four regional councils each
under the chairmanship of individual group directors.
Previously, the group was divided into three main operational
divisions and lacked any clear geographical structure, a
company spokesman said.
   The latest announcement includes some new management
responsibilities.
   Tony Hales, currently group chief executive, will be
chairman of the spirits and wines division, with David Jarvis
moving from the food operations to become chief executive.
   Tony Trigg, currently managing director of Allied
Breweries, becomes chief executive of retailing under the
chairmanship of Roy Moss, currently chairman of the brewery
companies. Mr. Moss also becomes chairman and chief executive
of brewing and wholesaling.
   Food manufacturing, meanwhile, will see Mr. Hales as
chairman and David Beatty, a director of Allied-Lyons and
corporate development director of group spirit operations,
becomes deputy chairman.
   Under the geographical structure, John Giffin, currently
chairman of the spirits units, will have responsibility for
the Americas. Michael Jackaman, chairman of Allied-Lyons,
will have responsibility for western Europe; Mr. Moss for the
U.K. and Mr. Hales for the remaining regions, Allied-Lyons
said.